scene_heading: PLEASE COPY AND RETURN |
dialog: ———_————_
dialog: 
scene_heading: TWELVE ANGRY MEN
dialog: by Reginald Rose
text: THE WRITING CREDITS MAY NOT BE FINAL AND SHOULD NOT BE USED
text: FOR PUBLICITY OR ADVERTISING PURPOSES WITHOUT FIRST CHECKING
scene_heading: WITH THE TELEVISION PUBLICITY LEGAL DEPARTMENT.
scene_heading: NO PORTION OF THIS SCRIPT MAY BE PERFORMED OR REPRODUCED BY
scene_heading: ANY MEANS, OR QUOTED OR PUBLISHED IN ANY MEDIUM WITHOUT PRIOR
scene_heading: WRITTEN CONSENT.
text: NO ONE IS AUTHORIZED TO SELL, TRANSFER OR DISPOSE OF THE SCRIPT.
text: IF LOST OR DESTROYED, PLEASE NOTIFY SCRIPT DEPARTMENT AT MGM
scene_heading: WORLDWIDE TELEVISION GROUP, MGM PLAZA, 2500 BROADWAY STREET,
scene_heading: SANTA MONICA, CALIFORNIA 90404-3061
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - FEBRUARY 14, 1996
speaker_heading: NOTE:
speaker_heading: FOREMAN:
dialog: Juror
speaker_heading: JUROR
speaker_heading: JUROR
speaker_heading: JUROR
speaker_heading: JUROR
speaker_heading: JUROR
dialog: #2
dialog: #3
dialog: #4
dialog: #5
dialog: #6
dialog: #7
dialog: “The notes on characters are extremely brief, since it is
dialog: felt that what they are and who they are will be revealed
text: in their dialogue and actions ruing the course of the
dialog: film.
text: 35 years old. Assistant high school football coach. A
text: small,petty man who is at first wary of, and then
text: impressed with the authority he has. Handles himself quite
text: formally. Not overly bright, but dogged.
text: 38 years old. Bank clerk. A meek, hesitant man who finds
dialog: it difficult to maintain any opinions of his own. Easily
dialog: swayed and usually adopts the opinion of the last person
text: to whom he has spoken.
text: 40 years old. Head of a messenger service. A very
text: strong, very forceful, extremely opinionated man within
text: whom can be detected a streak of sadism. A humorless man
text: who is intolerant of opinions other than his own, and
dialog: accustomed to forcing his wishes and views upon others.
text: 50 YEARS OLD. Stockbroker. A man of wealth and position.
text: A practiced speaker who presents himself well at all
dialog: times.. Seems to feel a little bit above the rest of the
dialog: jurors. His only concern is with the facts in this case
text: and he is appalled with the behavior of the others.
text: Constantly preening himself, combing his hair, cleaning
dialog: his nails, etc.
text: 25 years old. Mechanic. A naive, very rightened young man
dialog: who takes his obligations in this case very seriously but
text: who finds it difficult to speak up when his elders have
dialog: the floor.
text: 33 years old. Housepainter. An honest, but dull-witted
text: man who comes upon his decisions slowly and carefully. A
dialog: man who finds it difficult to create positive opinions,
dialog: but who must listen to and digest and accept these
text: opinions offered by others which appeal to him most.
text: 42 years'old. Salesman. A loud, flashy, glad-handed
dialog: salesman type who has more important things to do than sit
text: on a jury. He is quick to show temper, quick to form
text: opinions on things about which he knows nothing. He is a
dialog: bully, and, of course, a coward.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JUROR #8:
speaker_heading: JUROR #9:
speaker_heading: JUROR #10:
speaker_heading: JUROR #11:
speaker_heading: JUROR #12:
speaker_heading: THE JUDGE
text: 42 years old. Architect. A quiet, thoughtful, gentle
text: man. A man who sees many sides to every question and
text: constantly seeks the truth. A man of strength tempered
dialog: with compassion. Above all a man who wants justice to be
dialog: done, and will fight to see that it is.
text: 70 years old. Retired. A mild, gentle old man, long
text: since defeated by life, and now merely waiting to die. A
text: man who recognizes himself for what he is, and mourns the
dialog: days when it would have been possible to be courageous
text: without shielding himself behind his many years. From the
text: way he takes pills whenever he is excited, it is obvious
text: that he has a heart condition.
text: 46 years old. Garage owner. An angry, bitter man. A
text: man who antagonizes almost at sight. A bigot who places
text: no values on any human life save his own. A man who has
text: been nowhere and is going nowhere and knows it deep within
text: him. He has a bad cold and continually blows his nose,
text: sniffs a Benzedrine inhaler, etc.
text: 48 years old. Watchmaker. A refugee from Europe who has
text: come to this country in 1941. A man who speaks with an
text: accent and who is ashamed, jumble, almost subservient to
text: the people around him, but a man who will honestly seek
dialog: justice because he has suffered through so much injustice.
text: 30 years old. Advertising man. A slick, bright
dialog: advertising man who thinks of human beings in terms of
dialog: percentages, graphs and polls, and has no real
text: understanding of people. A superficial snob, but trying
text: to be a good fellow. Throughout the film he doodles on a
text: scratch pad.
scene_heading: THE COURT CLERK
scene_heading: THE. GUARD
scene_heading: THE TWO ALTERNATE JURORS
dialog: AND (if desired)
scene_heading: THE COURT STENOGRAPHER
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SEER aan
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96 1
scene_heading: TWELVE ANGRY MEN
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. N.Y. COURT OF GENERAL SESSIONS - DAY
text: A large, imposing building, gray, impressive as a background for
text: the comings and goings of a number of ordinary people on an
text: ordinary day. Camera holds on steps and building front from the
text: distance and then dollies in slowly.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE LOBBY - SAME
text: Seething with activity, people of all kinds walking swiftly,
text: purposefully to and from elevators, newsstands, etc. Others
text: standing, waiting. Guards stationed at various posts. Camera pans
text: across lobby and then dollies into a bank of elevators. A number
text: of people crowd into one. The door closes.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. LONG CORRIDOR UPSTAIRS - SAME
text: The elevators on left. Many doorways to various courtrooms on
text: right. Each door marked with a hanging sign. The first sign reads
text: “Court of General Sessions. Part I”. The second sign reads “Court
text: of General Sessions. Part II” etc. An elevator door opens and a
text: number of people exit and walk down the corridor. Other people,
text: men and women, stand in the corridor talking. The whole feeling is
text: one of movement, activity, intense concentration. Everyone has a
text: purpose. -Camera dollies down the corridor, following a group of
text: people who exited from the elevator. People peel off from the
text: group at various doors. At each door stands a guard. People move
text: in and out of the doors. Camera reaches the door marked “Part VI”,
text: and pans around to face the door. A guard stands in front of it,
text: impassively. No one else is in front of the door, as compared to
text: the knots of whispering people in front of all the other doors.
text: The case going on in “Part VI” obviously has very little general
text: interest. ‘Through the glass window of the door we can see, far in
text: the background, the judge at his bench. He is facing to his left,
text: and talking. We hear nothing. He stops and turns to his right.
text: He raises his hand as if calling the waiter.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: Sn at
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM
text: An empty water
dialog: From the noise
dialog: stillness of a
speaker_heading: - SAME
text: glass on a tray.
dialog: of the corridor we are now in the deathlike
text: courtroom. A hand places a freshly-filled pitcher
text: of water on the tray. A pair of hands fills a glass from the
text: pitcher. Camera pans with glass as it is raised. Camera holds on
text: close-up of judge, drinking the water. He finishes, puts the glass
text: down, and turns to his left again. He clears his throat. Then he
text: begins to speak.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT THE
dialog: A young Puerto
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: ..-and that concludes the court's
dialog: explanation of the legal aspects of
dialog: this case. And now, gentlemen of the
dialog: jury, I come to my final instruction
dialog: to you. Murder in the first degree -
dialog: - premeditated homicide -- is the
dialog: most serious charge tried in our
dialog: criminal courts. You've listened to
dialog: the testimony and you've had the law
dialog: read to you and interpreted as it
dialog: applies to this case. It now becomes
dialog: your duty to try and separate the
dialog: facts from the fancy. One man is
text: dead. The life of another is at
dialog: stake. I urge you to deliberate
dialog: honestly and thoughtfully. If there
dialog: is a reasonable doubt -- then you
dialog: must bring me a verdict of "not
dialog: guilty". If, however, there is no
dialog: reasonable doubt, then you must, in
dialog: good conscience, find the accused
dialog: guilty. However you decide, your
dialog: verdict must be unanimous. In the
dialog: event you find the accused guilty...
speaker_heading: ACCUSED
text: Rican man vulnerable and afraid.
speaker_heading: _. JUDGE (CONT)
dialog: ...the bench will not entertain a
dialog: recommendation for mercy. The death
dialog: sentence is mandatory in this case.
dialog: I don't envy you your job. You are
text: faced with a grave responsibility.
dialog: Thank you, gentlemen.
text: There is a brief pause. The jurors file out.
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96 3
scene_heading: INT. JURY ROOM - DAY
text: A very hot summer afternoon. It is a large, drab, bare room in
text: need of painting, with three windows in the back wall through which
text: can be seen the New York skyline. Off the jury room is a washroom,
text: with a lavatory beyond. A large, scarred table is C with twelve
text: chairs around it. A bench stands against the wall and there are
text: several extra chairs and a small table in the room, plus a water-
text: cooler, with paper cups and a waste basket and an electric fan over
text: the bench and a clock over the cooler and row of hooks for coats,
text: with a shelf over it. There are pencils, pads and ashtrays on the
text: table. At night the room is lit by fluorescent lighting with the
text: switch next to the door.
text: The Jurors enter preceded by a Guard. He checks his list. The 9th
text: Juror, an old man, crosses, goes into the washroom, and exits to
text: the lavatory. The 4th Juror begins to read a newspaper. Several
text: jurors open the windows. Others move awkwardly about the room.
text: There is no conversation for a few moments. The 3rd Juror takes
text: out some notes and studies them. The 2nd Juror crosses to the
text: water-cooler, gets a cup of water. The Foreman tears a sheet from
text: the notepad and tears up little slips of paper for ballots. The
text: Guard crosses to the 12th Juror and checks his name. The 7th Juror
text: crosses to the 4th Juror and offers him a stick of gum. The 4th
text: Juror shakes his head.
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: (turning to the 8th Juror)
dialog: Do you want some gum?
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: No thanks.
text: The 7th Juror vigorously chews a piece of gum himself and crosses
dialog: to the 6th Juror.
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: (mopping his brow)
dialog: y'know something? I phoned up for
dialog: the weather. This is the hottest day
dialog: of the year.
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR (CONT)
text: (the 6th Juror nods and gazes out
dialog: the window)
dialog: You'd think they'd at least air
dialog: condition the place. I almost
text: dropped dead in court.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Okay, gentlemen. Everybody's here.
dialog: If there's anything you want, I'm
dialog: right outside. Just knock.
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96 4
text: The Guard exits and in the silence the sound is heard of the door
text: being locked.
speaker_heading: 5TH JUROR
dialog: I never knew they locked the door.
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: Sure they lock the door. What'd you
dialog: think?
speaker_heading: 5TH JUROR
dialog: I don't know. It just never occurred
dialog: to me.
text: The 10th Juror crosses and pauses beside the Foreman and indicates
dialog: the. slips of paper.
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: Hey, what's that for?
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Well, I figured we might want to vote
dialog: by ballots.
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: Great idea! Maybe we can get him
dialog: elected senator.
text: He laughs until he begins to cough.
text: The Foreman looks at his watch and compares it with the clock. The
text: 3rd Juror takes a cup of water from the water-cooler, moves to the
text: 2nd Juror and looks around the room as he sips the water.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: (to the 2nd Juror)
dialog: How'd you like it?
speaker_heading: 2ND JUROR
dialog: . (mildly)
dialog: I don't know, it was pretty
dialog: interesting.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: Yeah? I was falling asleep.
speaker_heading: 2ND JUROR
dialog: I mean, I've never been on a jury
dialog: before.
speaker_heading: oe —
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: Really? I've sat on juries, and it
dialog: always amazes me the way these
dialog: lawyers can talk, and talk and talk,
dialog: even when the case is as obvious as
dialog: this one. I mean, did you ever hear
dialog: so much talk about nothing?
speaker_heading: 2ND JUROR
dialog: Well, I guess they're entitled.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: Sure they are. Everybody deserves a
dialog: fair trial. That's the system.
dialog: Listen, I'm the last one to say
dialog: anything against it, but I'm telling
dialog: you sometimes I think we'd be better
dialog: off if we took these tough kids. and
dialog: slapped 'em down before they make
dialog: trouble, you know? Save us a lot of
dialog: time and money.
text: The 2nd Juror looks nervously at the 3rd Juror, nods, rises, moves
text: to the water-cooler, refills his cup and stands alone, sipping.
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: (to the Foreman)
dialog: Hey, how about getting started here?
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: Yeah, let's get this over with.
dialog: We've probably all got things todo.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Well, I was figuring we'd take a
dialog: five-minute break. I mean, one man's
dialog: in the bathroom...
speaker_heading: 5TH JUROR
dialog: (to the Foreman, hesitantly)
dialog: Are we going to sit in order?
speaker_heading: FOREMAN .
dialog: What? I don't know. I suppose so.
text: The 8th Juror is looking out the window.
speaker_heading: 12TH JUROR
dialog: (to the 8th Juror)
dialog: Not a bad view.
dialog: (the 8th Juror nods)
dialog: What d'you think of the case?
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96 6
speaker_heading: 12TH JUROR (CONT)
dialog: (the 8th Juror doesn't answer)
dialog: It had a-lot of interest for me. No
dialog: dead spots -- know what I mean? I['11
dialog: tell you we were lucky to get a
dialog: murder case. I figured us for a
dialog: burglary or an assault or something.
dialog: Those can be the dullest.
text: (he looks out of the window)
dialog: Say, isn't that the Woolworth
dialog: Building?
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: 12TH JUROR
dialog: Funny, I've lived here all my life
dialog: and I've never been in it.
text: The 8th Juror gazes ‘out of the window. The 12th Juror looks at him ~
text: for a moment then moves away. The 7th Juror, talking with the 10th
dialog: Juror, laughs)
speaker_heading: . 10TH JUROR
dialog: Yeah, can you imagine, sitting there
dialog: for three days just for this?
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: And what about that business with the
dialog: knife? I mean, asking grown-up
dialog: people to believe that kind of
dialog: bullshit.
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: Well, look, you've gotta expect that.
dialog: You know what you're dealing with.
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: Yeah, I suppose so.
text: . (the 10th Juror blows his nose
dialog: vigorously)
dialog: What's the matter, you got a cold?
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: And how. These hot weather colds can
dialog: kill you. I can hardly touch my
dialog: nose. Know what I mean?
dialog: (he blows his nose loudly)
dialog: Yr
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR :
dialog: Well, your horn's all right. Now try
dialog: your lights.
text: (the 7th Juror climbs on to the
dialog: bench and tries the fan)
dialog: Oh, that's beautiful, the fan doesn't
dialog: work.
dialog: (he steps down)
dialog: Somebody take a letter to.the mayor.
dialog: "Dear Stingy..."
text: The 3rd Juror moves about the 4th Juror, leans over and scans the
text: 4th Juror's newspaper. The Foreman climbs on the bench and
dialog: examines the fan)
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: (to the 4th Juror)
dialog: I didn't get a chance to look at the
dialog: newspapers today. Anything new going
dialog: on?
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: I was just wondering how the market
dialog: closed.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: I wouldn't know. Say, are you on the
dialog: Exchange or something?
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: I'm a broker.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: Really? I run a messenger service.
dialog: "The Beck and Call Company." The
dialog: name's by wife's idea. I employ
dialog: thirty-seven people... started with
dialog: nothing...
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: (looking at his watch)
dialog: Hey, Mr. Foreman, let's go. What
dialog: d'you say?
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: All right, gentlemen. Let's take
dialog: seats.
speaker_heading: ER ET GF
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: (to the 2nd Juror)
dialog: This better be fast. I got tickets
dialog: to a ball game tonight. Yankees --
dialog: Cleveland. We got this new kid
dialog: pitching, Modjelewski, or whatever
dialog: his name is. He's a bull, this kid.
text: (He shoots his hand forward and
text: out to indicate the path of a
dialog: curve ball)
dialog: Shhooooooom. A real jug handle.
dialog: (no reaction at all from the 2nd
dialog: Juror)
dialog: You're quite a ball fan, aren't you?
dialog: (He turns to the Foreman)
dialog: Where do you want us to sit?
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Well, I was thinking we ought to sit
dialog: in order, by jury numbers.
dialog: (he points with each number)
dialog: Two, three, four, and so on, if
dialog: that's okay with you gentlemen.
scene_heading: 10TH. JUROR
dialog: What's the difference?
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: I think it's reasonable to sit
dialog: according to number.
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: (rising)
dialog: Let it be.
text: He moves and sits on chair 10.
text: The Jurors begin to take their seats. The 8th Juror continues to
text: star out of the window. The 9th Juror is still in the lavatory.
speaker_heading: 12 JUROR
dialog: (to the 11th Juror)
dialog: What was your impression of the
dialog: prosecuting attorney?
speaker_heading: 11TH JUROR
dialog: (with a German accent)
dialog: I beg pardon?
speaker_heading: 12TH JUROR
dialog: I thought he was really sharp. I
dialog: mean, the way he hammered home his
dialog: points, one by one, in logical
dialog: sequence.
dialog: wy = wT oS =a
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
speaker_heading: 12 JUROR (CONT)
dialog: It takes a good brain to do that. I
dialog: was very impressed.
speaker_heading: 11TH JUROR
dialog: Yes, I think he did an expert job.
speaker_heading: : 12TH JUROR
dialog: I mean, he had a lot of drive, too.
dialog: Real drive.
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: Okay, let's get this show on the
dialog: road.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: (to the 8th Juror)
dialog: How about sitting down?
dialog: (the 8th Juror does not hear the
dialog: Foreman)
text: The gentleman at the window.
text: (The 8th Juror turns, startled)
dialog: How about sitting down?
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: Oh, I'm sorry.
text: He moves his chair and sits.
text: The 9th Juror enters the washroom from the lavatory and washes his
dialog: hands.
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: (across the table to the 4th
dialog: Juror)
dialog: It's pretty tough to figure, isn't
dialog: it? A kid kills his father. Bing!
dialog: Just like that.
speaker_heading: 12TH JUROR
dialog: Well, if you analyze the figures...
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: What figures, it’s those people. I'm
dialog: tellin' you they let the kids run
dialog: wild up there. Well, maybe it serves
dialog: ‘em right. Know what I mean?
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Is everybody here?
dialog: —Vv ow “oy
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96 10
speaker_heading: 6TH JUROR
text: (with a gesture towards the
dialog: washroom)
text: The old man's inside.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Would you knock on the door?
text: The 6th Juror rises and moves to the washroom door.
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: (to the 5th Juror)
dialog: Hey, you a Yankee fan?
speaker_heading: 5TH JUROR
dialog: No. Milwaukee.
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: Milwaukee! That's like being hit on
text: the head with a crowbar once a day.
dialog: Listen, who they got...
text: (the 6th Juror knocks on the
dialog: washroom door)
dialog: ...I'm asking you, who they got
dialog: besides great grounds-keepers?
text: The 9th Juror enters from the washroom.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: (to the 7th Juror)
dialog: We'd like to get started
speaker_heading: 9TH JUROR
dialog: I'm sorry.
text: (he crosses to his seat)
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: Milwaukee!
speaker_heading: 9TH JUROR
dialog: I didn't mean to keep you waiting.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: All right. Now you gentlemen can
dialog: handle this any way you want to. I
dialog: mean, I'm not going to have any
dialog: rules. If we want to discuss it
dialog: first and then vote, that's one way.
dialog: Or we can vote right now to see how
dialog: we stand.
text: (he pauses and looks around)
dialog: Well, that's all I have to say.
dialog: slowly.
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: I think it's customary to take a
dialog: preliminary vote.
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: Yeah, let's vote. Who knows, maybe
dialog: we can all go home.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: It's up to you. Just let's remember
dialog: we've got a first degree murder
dialog: charge here. If we vote "guilty" we
dialog: send the accused to the electric
dialog: chair. That's mandatory.
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: I think we all know that.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: Come on, let's vote.
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: Yeah, let's see who's where.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Anybody doesn't want to vote?
text: (he looks around, the others are
dialog: silent)
dialog: All right. This has to be a twelve-
dialog: to-nothing vote either way. That's
dialog: the law. Okay, are we ready? All
dialog: those voting "guilty" raise your
dialog: hands.
text: Seven or eight hands go up immediately. Several others go up more
text: Everyone looks around the table as the Foreman rises and
text: begins to count hands. The 9th Juror's hand goes up now, and all
text: hands are raised except the 8th Juror's.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: ...Nine -- ten -- eleven. That's
dialog: eleven for "guilty". Okay, "Not
dialog: guilty."
text: The 8th Juror slowly raises his hand.
text: He resumes his seat.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: One. Right. Okay, eleven to one --
dialog: "Guilty". Now we know where we are.
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: Boy-oh-boy! There's always one.
dialog: }
speaker_heading: S=S — aT
dialog: — — a
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: So what do we do now?
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: Well, I guess we talk.
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: Boy-oh-boy!
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
text: (leaning over towards the 8th
dialog: juror)
dialog: Well, look, do you really think he's
dialog: innocent?
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: I mean, let's be reasonable. You sat
dialog: in court and heard the same things we
dialog: did. The man's a dangerous killer.
dialog: You could see it.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: The man! He's sixteen years old.
speaker_heading: ‘ 3RD JUROR
dialog: Well, that's old enough. He knifed
text: his own father. Four inches into the
dialog: chest.
speaker_heading: 6TH JUROR
dialog: (to the 8th Juror)
dialog: It's pretty obvious. I mean, I was
text: convinced from the first day.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: Well, who wasn't?
dialog: (to the 8th Juror)
dialog: I really think this is one of those
dialog: open and shut things. They proved it
dialog: a dozen different ways. Would you
dialog: like me to list them for you?
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: Then what. do you want?
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: Nothing. I just want to talk.
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
speaker_heading: . 7TH JUROR
dialog: Well, what's there to talk about?
dialog: Eleven men here agree. Nobody had to
dialog: think twice about it, except you.
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: I want to ask you something. Do you
dialog: believe his story?
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: I don't know whether I believe it or
dialog: not. Maybe I don't.
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: So what'd you vote "not guilty" for?
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: There were eleven votes for “guilty.”
dialog: It's not easy for me to raise my hand
dialog: and send a°boy off to die without
dialog: talking about it first.
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: Who says it's.easy for me?
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: No-one.
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: What, just because I voted fast? I
dialog: think the guy's guilty. You couldn't
dialog: change my mind if you talked for a
dialog: hundred years.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: I'm not trying to change your mind.
dialog: It's just that we're talking about
dialog: somebody's life here. I mean, we
dialog: can't decide in five minutes.
dialog: Suppose we're wrong?
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: Suppose we're wrong! Suppose this
dialog: whole building fell on my head. You
dialog: can suppose anything.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: That's right.
dialog: SS
speaker_heading: ST RS SP ET
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: What's the difference how long it
dialog: takes? We honestly think he's
dialog: guilty. So suppose we finish in five
dialog: minutes? So what?
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: Let's take an hour. The ball game
text: doesn't start till eight o'clock.
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Okay, slugger, be my guest.
text: There is a silence.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: (hesitantly)
dialog: Well, who's got something to say?
text: He looks at the 2nd Juror.
speaker_heading: 2ND JUROR
dialog: Not me.
speaker_heading: 9TH JUROR
dialog: I'm willing to put in an hour.
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: Great. I heard a pretty good story
text: last night. This woman comes running
text: into the doctor's office, stripped to
dialog: the waist...
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: That's not what we're sitting here
dialog: for.
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: All right, then you tell me. What
dialog: are we sitting here for?
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: Maybe for no reason. I don't know.
dialog: Look, this boy's been kicked around
dialog: all his life. You know -- living in
text: a slum, his mother dead since he was
dialog: nine. He spent a year and a half in
dialog: an orphanage while his father served
dialog: a jail term for forgery. That's not
dialog: a very good head start. He's had a
dialog: pretty terrible sixteen years.
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR (CONT)
dialog: I think maybe we owe him a few words.
dialog: That's all.
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: I don't mind telling you this,
dialog: mister. We don't owe him a thing.
dialog: He got a fair trial, didn't he? What
dialog: d'you think the trial cost? He's
dialog: lucky he got it. Know what I mean?
text: (he rises and looks around at the
dialog: others)
dialog: Look, we're all grown-ups here. We
dialog: heard the facts, didn't we? Now
dialog: you're not going to tell us that
dialog: we're supposed to believe that kid,
dialog: knowing what he is. Listen, I've
dialog: lived among 'em all my life. You
dialog: can't believe a word they say. You
dialog: know that. I mean, they're born
dialog: liars.
speaker_heading: 9TH JUROR
dialog: It suddenly occurs to me that you
dialog: must be an ignorant man.
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: What do you mean? What's he talking
dialog: about?
speaker_heading: 9TH JUROR
dialog: Do you think you have a monopoly on
dialog: the truth?
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: What are you making a Federal Case
dialog: out of it for?
dialog: (to the others)
dialog: How d’ya like this guy?
speaker_heading: 9TH JUROR
dialog: (to the others)
dialog: I think certain things should be
dialog: pointed out to this man.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: All right. It's not Sunday. We
dialog: don't need a sermon in here.
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: Monopoly! For Chrissakes.
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96 16
text: The 9th Juror half rises but then feels the 8th Juror's hand firmly
text: on his arm, gently pulling him down. The 12th Juror doodles on his
dialog: notepad. : .
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: I don't see any need for arguing like
dialog: this. I think we ought to be able to
dialog: behave like gentlemen. If we're
dialog: going to discuss this case, let's
dialog: stick to the facts.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: I think that's a good point. We have
dialog: a job to do. Let's do it. Maybe if
dialog: the gentleman who's disagreeing down
dialog: there could tell us why. You know,
dialog: tell -us what he thinks -- we could
dialog: show him where he's probably mixed
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: 11TH JUROR
text: (looking at the.12th Juror's
dialog: doodle)
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: 12TH JUROR
dialog: Mmm?
text: (he holds up the doodle)
dialog: It's one of the products I work on at
dialog: the AD Agency. Rice Pops. "The
dialog: Breakfast with the Built-In Bounce."
dialog: I wrote that line.
speaker_heading: 11TH JUROR
dialog: (smiling in spite of himself)
dialog: It's very catchy.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: If you don't mind!
text: The 2nd Juror rises, goes to the coat-hooks and takes a package of
text: cough drops from his jacket pocket)
speaker_heading: 12TH JUROR
dialog: I'm sorry. I have this habit of
dialog: doodling. It keeps me thinking
dialog: clearly.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: We're trying to get some place here.
dialog: Y'know we can sit here forever...
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
speaker_heading: 12TH JUROR
dialog: Well, look, maybe this is an idea.
dialog: I'm just thinking out loud, but it
dialog: seems to me it's up to us to convince
dialog: this gentleman --
dialog: (he indicates the 8th Juror)
dialog: that we're right and he's wrong.
dialog: Maybe if we each took a minute or
dialog: two. I mean it's just a quick
dialog: thought...
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: No, I think it's a good one.
dialog: Supposing we go once around the
dialog: table. :
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: Anything. Let's start it off.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Okay. .
dialog: (to the 7th Juror)
dialog: How about you going first?
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: Not me. I think we oughta go in
dialog: order.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: That sounds fair. Okay, in order --
text: a coupla minutes apiece.
dialog: (To the 2nd Juror)
dialog: I guess you're first.
speaker_heading: 2ND JUROR
dialog: Oh. Well --
dialog: (he pauses nervously)
dialog: Well, it's hard to put into words. I
dialog: just -- think he's guilty. I thought
dialog: it was obvious from the word go. I
dialog: mean nobody proved otherwise.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: Nobody has to prove otherwise. The
dialog: burden of proof is on the
dialog: prosecution. The defendant doesn't
dialog: have to open his mouth. That's in
dialog: the Constitution. You've heard of
dialog: it.
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT + 2/14/96
speaker_heading: 2ND JUROR
dialog: (flustered)
dialog: Well, sure I've heard of it. I know
dialog: what it is. I -- what I meant --
dialog: well, the man is guilty. I mean,
dialog: somebody saw him do it.
text: He looks around helplessly.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: Okay.
dialog: (he refers to his notes)
dialog: Now here's what I think, and I have
dialog: no personal feelings about this. I'm
dialog: talking facts. Number one. Let's
dialog: take the old man who lived on the
text: second floor right underneath the
text: room where the murder took place. At
text: ten minutes after twelve on the night
dialog: of the killing he heard loud noises
text: in the apartment upstairs. He said
text: it sounded like a fight. Then he
dialog: heard the kid shout out, "I'm gonna
dialog: kill you." A. second later he heard
text: a body fall and he ran to the door of
text: his apartment, looked out and saw the
text: kid running down the stairs and out
dialog: of the house. Then he called the
text: police. They found the father with a
text: knife in his chest.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: And the coroner fixed the time of the
text: death at around midnight.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: Right. I mean, there are facts for
dialog: you. You can't refute facts. This
dialog: boy is guilty. Look, I'm as
dialog: sentimental as the next guy. I know
dialog: the kid is only sixteen, but he's
dialog: still got to pay for what he did.
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: I'm with you, pops.
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: (removing his eyeglasses)
dialog: It was obvious to me, anyway, that
text: the boy's entire story was flimsy.
dialog: He claimed he was at the movies
dialog: during the time of the killing and
dialog: yet one hour later he couldn't
dialog: ge a
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
dialog: 19
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR (CONT)
dialog: remember what films he saw or who
dialog: played in them.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: That's right. Did you hear that?
dialog: (to the 4th Juror)
dialog: You're absolutely right.
speaker_heading: . _ 4TH JUROR
dialog: No-one saw him going into or out of
dialog: the theater.
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: Listen, what about that woman across
dialog: the street? If her testimony don't
dialog: prove it, nothing does. :
speaker_heading: 11TH JUROR
dialog: That's right. She was the one who
dialog: actually saw the killing.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: (half rising)
dialog: Let's go in order here.
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: (rising, handkerchief in hand)
dialog: Just a minute. Here's a woman...
dialog: (he blows his nose)
text: Here's a woman who's lying in bed and
text: can't sleep. She's dying with the
dialog: heat. Know what I mean? . Anyway, she
text: looks out the window and right across
text: the street she sees the kid stick the
text: knife into his father. The time is
dialog: twelve-ten on.the nose. Everything
dialog: fits. Look, she's known the kid all
dialog: his life. His window is right
text: opposite hers, across the el tracks,
text: and she swore she saw him do it.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
text: Through the windows of a passing
text: elevated train.
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: Right. This el train had no
dialog: passengers on it. It was just being
text: moved downtown. The lights were out,
dialog: remember? And they proved in court
dialog: that at night you can look through
text: the windows of an el train when the
text: lights are out and see what's
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
dialog: 20
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR (CONT)
text: happening on the other side. They
dialog: proved it.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: (to the 10th Juror)
dialog: I'd like to ask you something.
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: You don't believe the boy. How come
dialog: you believe the woman? She's one of
dialog: "them", too, isn't she?
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: (suddenly angry)
dialog: You're a pretty smart fellow, aren't
dialog: -you?
text: He crosses towards the 8th Juror. Several Jurors rise as if to
dialog: ' intercept the 10th Juror.
dialog: The 10th Juror
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Hey, let's take it easy.
speaker_heading: 10TH JURY
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: What's he so wise about? I'm telling
dialog: you...
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: Come on. Sit down. What are you
dialog: letting him get you all upset for?
dialog: sits.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Let's calm down now. Let's try to
dialog: keep it peaceful in here. Whose turn
dialog: is it?
speaker_heading: 12TH JUROR
dialog: (indicating the 5th Juror)
dialog: His.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Okay.
dialog: (to the 5th Juror)
dialog: You've got two minutes.
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
dialog: 21
speaker_heading: 5TH JUROR
dialog: (looking nervously around)
dialog: I'll pass it.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: That's your privilege. How about the
dialog: next gentleman.
speaker_heading: 6TH JUROR
dialog: I don't know. I started to be
dialog: convinced, uh -- you know, very early
dialog: in the case.. Well, I was looking for
dialog: the motive. That's very important.
dialog: If there's no motive, where's the
dialog: case? So, anyway, that testimony
dialog: from those people across the hall
dialog: from the kid's apartment, that was
dialog: very powerful. Didn't they say
dialog: something about an argument between
dialog: the father and the boy around seven
dialog: o'clock that night? I mean, I can be
dialog: wrong.
speaker_heading: : 11TH JUROR
text: It was eight o'clock. Not seven.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: That's right. Eight o'clock. They
dialog: heard an argument, but they couldn't
dialog: hear. what it was about. Then they
dialog: heard the father hit the boy twice,
text: and finally they saw the boy walk
text: angrily out of the house. What does
dialog: that prove?
speaker_heading: 6TH JUROR
dialog: Well, it doesn't exactly prove
dialog: anything. It's just part of the
dialog: picture. I didn't say it proved
dialog: anything.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: You said it revealed a motive for the
dialog: killing. The prosecuting attorney
dialog: said the same thing. Well, I don't
dialog: think it's a very strong motive.
dialog: This boy has been hit so many times
dialog: in his life that violence is
dialog: practically a normal state of affairs
dialog: for him. I can't see two slaps in
text: the face provoking him into
dialog: committing murder.
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
dialog: nv
dialog: nv
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: (quietly) :
dialog: It may have been two slaps too many.
text: Everyone has a breaking point.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: (to the 6th juror)
dialog: Anything else?
speaker_heading: 6TH JUROR
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: * FOREMAN
dialog: Okay.
dialog: (to the 7th Juror)
dialog: How about the next gentleman?
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: Me? .
text: (he pauses, looks around, shrugs)
dialog: I don’t know, it’s practically all
dialog: said already. We can talk about it
dialog: forever. I mean, this kid is oh for
dialog: five. Look at his record. He was in
dialog: Chidren’s Court when he was ten for
text: throwing a rock at his teacher. At
dialog: fourteen he was in Reform School. He
text: stole a car. He’s been arrested for
text: mugging. He was picked up twice for
text: tyring to slash another teenager with
dialog: a knife. He’s real quick with switch
dialog: knives, they said. This is a very
dialog: fine boy.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: Ever since he was five years old his
dialog: father beat him up regularly. He
dialog: used his fists.
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: So would I. A kid like that.
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: Wouldn't you call those beatings a
dialog: motive for him to kill his father?
dialog: a ST
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
text: He breaks off.
dialog: embarrassed.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: I don't know. It's a motive for him
dialog: to be an angry kid. I'11 say that.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: It's the kids, the way they are
dialog: mowadays. Angry! Hostile! You
dialog: can't do a damn thing with them.
dialog: Just. the way they talk to you.
dialog: Listen, when I was his age I used to
dialog: call my father. "Sir". That’s right.
dialog: Sir! You ever hear a boy call his
dialog: father that any more?
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: Fathers don't seem to think it's
dialog: important any more.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: No? Have you got any kids?
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: Two.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: Yeah, well I've got one. He's
dialog: twenty. We did everything for that
dialog: boy and what happened? When he was
dialog: nine he ran away from a fight. I saw
dialog: him. I was so ashamed I almost threw
dialog: up. So I told him right out. "I'm
dialog: gonna make a man outta you or I'm
dialog: gonna bust you in half trying."
dialog: Well, I made a man outta him all -
dialog: right. When he was sixteen we had a
text: battle. He hit me in the face. He's
dialog: big, y'know. I haven't seen him in
dialog: two years. Rotten kid. You work
dialog: your heart out...
dialog: He has said more than he intended. He is
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: All right. Let's get on with it.
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: (rising)
dialog: I think we're missing the point here.
dialog: This boy, let's say he's a product of
text: a filthy neighborhood and a broken
dialog: home. We can't help that.
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
dialog: 24
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR (CONT)
dialog: We're here to decide whether he's
dialog: guilty or‘“innocent of murder, not to
dialog: go into reasons why he grew up this
dialog: way: He was born in a slum. Slums
dialog: are breeding grounds for criminals.
dialog: I know it. So-do you. It's no
dialog: secret: Children from slum
dialog: backgrounds are potential menaces to
dialog: society. Now I think...
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Brother, you can say that again. The
dialog: kids who crawl outta those places are
dialog: real trash. I don't want any part of
dialog: them. I'm telling you.
speaker_heading: 5TH JUROR
dialog: (rising)
dialog: I've lived in a slum all my life...
dialog: I nurse that trash in Harlem Hospital
dialog: six nights a week.
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: Oh, now wait a second...
speaker_heading: 5TH JUROR
dialog: I used to play in a back yard that
dialog: was filled with garbage. Maybe it
dialog: still smells on me.
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: (his anger rising)
dialog: Now listen, sonny...
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: (to the 5th Juror)
dialog: Now let's be reasonable. There's
dialog: nothing personal...
speaker_heading: 5TH JUROR
dialog: (loudly)
dialog: There is something personal!
text: The 3rd Juror moves to the 5th Juror and pats him on the shoulder.
text: The 5th Juror does not look up.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: Come on, now. He didn't mean you,
dialog: feller. Let's not be so sensitive.
speaker_heading: 11TH JUROR
dialog: This sensitivity I understand.
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
dialog: 25
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: All right: let's stop all this
dialog: arguing. We're wasting time here.
dialog: (he points to the 8th Juror)
dialog: It's your turn. Let's go.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: Well, I didn't expect a turn. I
dialog: thought you were all supposed to be
dialog: convincing me. Wasn't that the idea?
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Check. I forgot about that.
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: Well, what’s the difference? He's
dialog: the one who’s keeping us here. Let’s
dialog: hear what he’s got to say.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Now just a second. We decided to do
dialog: it a certain way. lLet’s stick to
dialog: what we said.
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: (disgusted)
dialog: Ah, stop bein’ a kid, will you?
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: A kid! Listen, what d’you mean by
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: What d’ya think I mean? K-I-D, kid!
speaker_heading: FOREMAN .
dialog: What, just because I’m trying to keep
dialog: this thing organized? Listen.
dialog: (he rises)
dialog: You want to do it? Here. You sit
dialog: here. You take the responsibility.
dialog: I’ll just shut up, that’s all.
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: Listen, what are you gettin’ so hot
dialog: about? Calm down, will ya?
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
dialog: 26
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Don't tell me to calm down. Here!
dialog: Here's the chair. You keep it goin'
dialog: smooth and everything. What d'ya
dialog: think, it's a snap'? Come on, Mr.
dialog: Foreman. Let's see how great you'd
dialog: run the show.
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: (to 11th Juror) -
dialog: Did y'ever see such a thing?
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: You think it's funny or something?
speaker_heading: 12TH JUROR
dialog: Take it easy. The whole thing's
dialog: unimportant.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Unimportant? You want to try it?
speaker_heading: 12TH JUROR
dialog: No. Listen, you're doing a beautiful
dialog: job. Nobody wants to change.
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: Yeah, you're doing great. Hang in
dialog: there and pitch.
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: All right. Let's hear from somebody.
text: There is a pause.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: Well, if you want me to tell you how
dialog: I feel about it right now, it's all
dialog: right with me.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: (softly)
dialog: I don't care what you do.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: All right. I haven't got anything
dialog: brilliant. I only know as much as
dialog: you do. According to the testimony
text: the boy looks guilty. Maybe he is.
dialog: I sat there in court for three days
text: listening while the evidence built
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR (CONT)
dialog: up. Everybody sounded so positive
dialog: that I started to get a peculiar
dialog: feeling about this trial. I mean,
dialog: nothing is that positive. I had
dialog: questions I would have liked to ask.
dialog: Maybe they wouldn't have meant
dialog: anything. I don't know. But I
dialog: started to feel that the defense
dialog: counsel wasn't doing his job. He let
dialog: too many things go. Little things.
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: What little things? Listen, when
dialog: these guys don't ask questions,
dialog: that's because they know the answers
dialog: already and they figure they'll be
dialog: hurt.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: Maybe. It's also possible for a
dialog: lawyer to be just plain stupid, isn't
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: 6TH JUROR
dialog: You sound like you've met my
dialog: brother-in-law.
text: A few jurors laugh.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: (smiling) :
dialog: I kept putting myself in the boy's
dialog: place. I would have asked for
dialog: another lawyer, I think. I mean, if
dialog: I was on trial for my life I'd want
dialog: my lawyer to tear the prosecution
dialog: witnesses to shreds, or at least to
dialog: try. Look, there was one alleged
dialog: eye-witness to this killing. Someone
dialog: else claims he heard the killing and
text: then saw the boy running out
dialog: afterwards. There was a lot of
text: circumstantial evidence, but actually
dialog: those two witnesses were the entire
dialog: case for the prosecution. Supposing
dialog: they were wrong?
speaker_heading: 12TH JUROR
dialog: What do you mean, "Supposing they
dialog: were wrong?" What's the point of
dialog: having witnesses at all?"
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
dialog: 28
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: Could they be wrong?
speaker_heading: / 12TH JUROR
text: They sat on the stand under oath.
dialog: What are you trying to say?
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: They're only people. People make
dialog: mistakes. Could they be wrong?
speaker_heading: 12 JUROR
dialog: I... No! I don't think so.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: Do you know so?
speaker_heading: 12 JUROR
dialog: Well, now, listen. Nobody can know a
dialog: thing like that. This isn't an exact
dialog: science. .
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: That's right. It isn't.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: (rising angrily)
dialog: All right. -
dialog: (to the 8th Juror)
dialog: Let's try to get to the point here.
dialog: What about the switch-knife they
dialog: found in the father's chest?
speaker_heading: 2ND JUROR
dialog: Well, wait a minute. I think we
dialog: oughta... There are some people who
dialog: haven't talked yet. Shouldn't we...?
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: Look, they can talk whenever they
dialog: like. Now just be quiet a second,
dialog: will you.
dialog: (he turns to the 8th Juror)
dialog: Okay, what about the knife? You
dialog: know, the one that fine, upright boy
dialog: admitted buying on the night of the
dialog: murder. Let's talk about that.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: All right, let's talk about it.
dialog: Let's get it in here and look at it.
dialog: I'd like to see it again. (He turns
dialog: to the Foreman) Mr. Foreman?
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96 9
text: The Foreman rises and crosses to the door.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: We all know what it looks like.
text: The Foreman knocks on the door. The Guard enters. The Foreman
text: whispers to him. The Guard nods and exits.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: What are we gonna get out of seeing
dialog: it again?
speaker_heading: 5TH JUROR
dialog: You brought it up.
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: The gentleman has a right to see
text: exhibits in evidence.
dialog: (to the 8th Juror)
dialog: The knife, and the way it was bought,
dialog: is pretty strong evidence. Don't you
dialog: think so?
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: I do.
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: Good. Now suppose we take these
text: facts one at a time. One. The boy
dialog: admitted going out of his house at
dialog: eight o’clock on the night of the
text: murder after being punched several
dialog: times by his father.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: He didn't say "punched". He said
dialog: "hit". There's a difference between
text: a slap and a punch.
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
text: After being hit several times by his
dialog: father, Two. The boy went directly
text: to a neighborhood junk shop where he
dialog: bought a... What do you call these
dialog: things --
speaker_heading: ' 3RD JUROR
dialog: Switch-knives.
scene_heading: 3RD JUROR/4TH JUROR
dialog: --a switchblade knife.
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: (to the 3rd Juror)
dialog: Thank you: Three. This wasn't what
dialog: you'd call an ordinary knife. It had
text: a very unusual carved handle. Four.
dialog: The storekeeper who sold it to him
dialog: identified the knife in court and
dialog: said it was the only one of its kind
dialog: he had ever had in stock. Five. At,
dialog: oh, about eight-forty-five the boy
dialog: ran into three friends of his in
dialog: front of a diner. Am I correct so
dialog: far?
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: Yes, you are.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: (to the 8th Juror)
dialog: You bet he is.
dialog: (to the others)
dialog: Now listen to this man. He knows
text: what he's talking about.
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR -
text: The boy talked with his friends for
text: about an hour, leaving them at nine-
dialog: forty-five. During this time they
text: saw the switch-knife. Six. Each of
dialog: them identified the death weapon in
dialog: court as that same knife. Seven.
dialog: The boy arrived home at about ten
dialog: o'clock. Now this is where the
dialog: stories offered by the boy and the
text: State begin to diverge slightly. He
dialog: claims that he stayed home until
dialog: eleven-thirty and then went to one of
dialog: those all-night movies. He returned
text: home at about three-fifteen in the
text: morning to find his father dead and
dialog: himself arrested. Now, what happened
dialog: to the switch-knife? This is the
dialog: charming and imaginative little fable
dialog: the boy invented. He claims that the
text: knife fell through a hole in his
dialog: pocket some time between eleven-
dialog: thirty and three-fifteen while he was
dialog: on his trip to the movies and that he
dialog: never saw it again. Now this is a
dialog: tale, gentlemen. I think it's quite
dialog: clear that the boy never went to the
dialog: movies that night.
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96 31
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR (CONT)
text: No one in the house saw-him go out at
text: eleven-thirty. No one at the theater
dialog: identified him. He couldn't even
dialog: remember the names of the pictures he
dialog: saw. What actually happened is this:
dialog: the boy stayed home, had. another
text: fight with his father, stabbed him to
dialog: death with the knife at ten minutes
text: after twelve and fled from the house.
dialog: He even remembered to wipe the knife
dialog: clean of fingerprints.
text: The Guard enters carrying a curiously designed knife with a tag
text: hanging from-it. The 4th Juror goes to the Guard, takes the knife
text: from him. The guard exits.
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR (CONT)
dialog: Everyone connected with the case
dialog: identified the knife. Now are you
dialog: trying to tell me that it really fell
text: through a hole in the boy's pocket
dialog: and that someone picked it up off the
text: ‘street, went to the boy's house and
dialog: stabbed his father with it just to be
dialog: amusing?
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: No. I'm saying it's possible that
dialog: the boy lost the knife and that
text: someone else stabbed his father with
dialog: a similar knife. It's possible.
text: The 4th Juror flicks open the knife and jams it into the table.
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: Take a look at that knife. I've
dialog: never seen one like it. Neither had
dialog: the storekeeper who sold it to the
dialog: boy. Aren't you asking us to accept
dialog: a pretty incredible coincidence?
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: I'm not asking anyone to accept it.
dialog: I'm just saying that it's possible.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: And I'm saying it's not possible.
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96 : 2
text: The 8th Juror stands for a moment in silence, then he reaches into
text: his pocket and swiftly withdraws a knife. He olds it in front of
text: his face and flicks open the blade, then he leans forward and
text: sticks the knife into the table alongside the other. They are
text: exactly alike. There is a burst of sound in the room. The 8th
text: Juror stands back from the table, watching.
speaker_heading: 6TH JUROR
dialog: Look at it! It's the same knife.
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: What is this?
speaker_heading: 12TH JUROR
dialog: Where'd that come from?
speaker_heading: 2ND JUROR
dialog: How d'you like that?
scene_heading: 3RD. JUROR
dialog: (looking at the 8th Juror,
dialog: amazed)
dialog: What are you trying to do?
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: Yeah. What's going on here? Who do
dialog: you think you are?
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: Quiet! Let's be quiet.
dialog: (to the 8th Juror)
dialog: Were d'you get that knife?
scene_heading: 8TH JUROR .
dialog: I was walking for a couple of hours
dialog: last night, just thinking. I walked
text: through the boy's neighborhood. The
text: knife comes from a little pawnshop
dialog: three blocks from his house. It cost
dialog: six dollars.
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: It's against the law to buy or sell
dialog: switch-blade knives.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: That's right. I broke the law.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: Listen. You pulled a real bright
dialog: trick here. Now supposing you tell
dialog: me what you proved? Maybe there are
dialog: ten knives like that. So what?
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96 33
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: Maybe there are.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: So what does that mean? It's the
dialog: same kind of knife. So what's that?
dialog: The discovery of the age or
dialog: something?
speaker_heading: 11TH JUROR
dialog: It would still be an incredible
dialog: coincidence for another person to
dialog: have stabbed the father with the same
dialog: kind of knife.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: That's right! He's right.
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: The odds are a million to one.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: It's possible.
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: But not very probable.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Listen, let's take seats. There's no
dialog: point in milling around here.
text: They begin to move back to their seats. The 8th Juror stands
dialog: watching.
speaker_heading: 2ND JUROR
dialog: It's interesting that he'd find a
dialog: knife exactly like the one the boy
dialog: bought.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: What's interesting? You think it
dialog: proves anything?
speaker_heading: 2ND JUROR
dialog: Well, no. I was just...
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: Interesting!
dialog: (he points at the 8th Juror)
dialog: Listen, how come the kid bought the
dialog: knife to begin with?
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: Well, he claims that...
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
dialog: 34
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: I know. He claims he bought it as a
dialog: present for a friend of his. He was
dialog: gonna give it to him the next day
dialog: because he busted the other kid’s
text: knife dropping it on the pavement.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: That's what he said.
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: Baloney!
speaker_heading: 9TH JUROR
dialog: The friend testified that the boy did
text: break his knife.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: Yeah. And how long before the
dialog: killing? Three weeks. Right? So
dialog: how come our noble lad bought this
text: knife one half hour after his father
dialog: smacked him and three and a half
dialog: hours before they found it shoved up
dialog: to here in the father's chest?
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: Well, he was gonna give the knife to
dialog: his friend. He just wanted to use it
text: for a minute.
text: There is scattered laughter.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: (to the 3rd Juror)
dialog: Let me ask you this. It's one of the
dialog: questions I wanted to ask in court.
dialog: If the boy bought the knife to use on
dialog: his father, how come he showed what
dialog: was going to be the murder weapon to
dialog: three friends of his just a couple of
dialog: hours before the killing?
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: Listen, all of this is just talk.
dialog: The boy lied and you know it.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: He may have lied.
dialog: (to 10th Juror)
dialog: Do you think he lied?
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
dialog: 35
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: Now that's a stupid question. Sure
dialog: he lied.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: (to 4th Juror)
dialog: Do you?
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: You don't have to ask me that. You
dialog: know my answer. He lied.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: (to 5th Juror)
dialog: Do you think he lied?
speaker_heading: 5TH JUROR
dialog: I think maybe he...
text: He breaks off and looks nervously around.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: (leaping into the breach)
dialog: Maybe! Now wait a second.
dialog: (to 8th Juror)
dialog: What are you, the kid's lawyer or
dialog: something? Who do you think you are
dialog: to start cross-examining us?
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: Isn't that what's supposed to happen
dialog: in a jury room?
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: Listen, there are still eleven of us
dialog: in here who think he's guilty.
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: Yeah. What do you think you're gonna
dialog: accomplish? You're not gonna change
dialog: anybody's mind. So if you want to be
dialog: stubborn and hang this jury, go
dialog: ahead. The kid’s be tried again and
dialog: found guilty sure as he's born.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: You're probably right.
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR -
dialog: So what are you gonna do about it?
dialog: We can be here all night.
speaker_heading: 9TH JUROR
dialog: It's only one night. A boy may die.
dialog: 
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
dialog: 36
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: Brother. Anybody got a deck of
dialog: cards? ~
speaker_heading: 2ND JUROR
dialog: (to the Foreman)
dialog: I don't think he ought to make a joke
dialog: about it.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: What do you want me to do?
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: Listen, I don't see what all this
dialog: stuff about the knife has to do with
dialog: anything. Somebody saw the kids stab
dialog: his father. What more do we need? I
dialog: got three garages of mind going to
dialog: pot while you're talking. Let's get
dialog: done and get outta here.
speaker_heading: 11TH JUROR
dialog: The knife was very important to the
dialog: district attorney. He spent one
dialog: whole morning...
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: He's a fifteenth assistant or
dialog: something. What does he know?
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Okay. I think we oughta get on with
dialog: it now. These side arguments only
dialog: slow us up.
dialog: (to the 8th Juror)
dialog: What about it?
speaker_heading: 6TH JUROR
dialog: (to the 8th Juror)
dialog: You're the only one.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: I have a proposition to make to all
dialog: of you. I want to call for a vote.
dialog: I'd like you eleven men to vote by
dialog: secret written ballot. I'll abstain.
dialog: If there are still eleven votes for
dialog: guilty, I won't stand alone. We'll
dialog: take a guilty verdict in to the judge
dialog: right now. But if anyone votes not
dialog: guilty, we'll stay and talk this
dialog: thing out.
dialog: ne
dialog: 
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96 37
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR (CONT)
dialog: (he pauses)
dialog: Well, that's all. I£ you want to try
dialog: it, I'm ready.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: Well, finally you're behaving like a
dialog: reasonable man.
speaker_heading: 12TH JUROR
dialog: Check. I'11 buy that.
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: Okay. Let's do it.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: That sounds fair.
text: Some of the Jurors nod. The 8th Juror moves to the window.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN (CONT)
dialog: Anyone doesn't agree? Okay. Pass
dialog: these along.
text: He passes out the slips of paper.
text: The 8th Juror stands watching the others. The Jurors pass the
text: slips along. Finally each of them begins to write. Now some of
text: them begin to fold their slips and pass them back to the Foreman.
text: The Foreman stacks all the slips on the table in front of him. He
text: picks up the first slip of paper, opens it and reads:
speaker_heading: FOREMAN ~
dialog: Guilty.
text: (he opens and reads the other
dialog: slips in turn)
text: Guilty. Guilty. Guilty. Guilty.
text: Guilty. Guilty. Guilty. Guilty.
dialog: Not. Guilty.
text: There is a babble of voices. The 8th Juror relaxes, moves to his
text: chair and sits. Foreman reads the last slip.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Guilty.
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: Boy! How do you like that?
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
text: } And another chap flips his goddam
dialog: wig!
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
dialog: 38
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: All right, who was it? Come on. I
dialog: want to khow.
speaker_heading: 11TH JUROR
dialog: Excuse me. This was a secret ballot.
dialog: We agreed on this. .
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: Secret? What d'ya mean, secret?
text: There are no secrets in a jury room.
dialog: I know who it was.
dialog: (he. crosses to the 5th Juror)
dialog: Brother, you're really something!
dialog: You come in here and you vote guilty
dialog: like everybody else, and then this
dialog: golden-voiced preacher over here
dialog: starts to tear your heart out with
dialog: stories about a poor little kid who
dialog: just couldn't help becoming a
dialog: murderer. So you change your vote.
dialog: If that isn't the most sickening...
dialog: Why don'tcha drop a quarter in his
dialog: . collection box?
speaker_heading: 5TH JUROR
dialog: Now wait a minute.
dialog: (the 3rd juror turns away)
dialog: You can’t talk to me like that!
text: The 3rd Juror turns to face him. The 4th Juror slips in between
dialog: them and takes
text: the 5th Juror by the arm.
speaker_heading: 5TH JUROR
dialog: No.
text: (he shakes off the 4th Juror).
dialog: Where does he get the right to shout
dialog: at me?
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: All right. Let's calm down.
speaker_heading: 5TH JUROR
dialog: Who does he think he is? I mean, did
dialog: you see him?
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: Just sit down. He's very excitable.
dialog: Forget it. It doesn't matter.
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
dialog: 39
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: You bet I!m excitable. We're trying
text: to put a guilty man into the chair
dialog: where he belongs and all of a sudden
dialog: somebody's telling us fairy tales --
dialog: and we're listening.
speaker_heading: 2ND JUROR
dialog: (mildly)
dialog: Take it easy.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: What do you mean -- take it easy!
dialog: D'you feel like seeing a proven
dialog: murderer walking the streets? Why
dialog: don't we give him his knife back?
dialog: Make it easier for him.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Okay, let's stop the yelling. Who's
dialog: got something constructive to say?
speaker_heading: 11TH JUROR
dialog: Please. I would like to say
dialog: something here. I have always thought
dialog: that in this country a man was
dialog: entitled to have unpopular
dialog: opinions... ,
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: Let's stick to the subject.
dialog: (to the 5th Juror)
dialog: What made you change your vote?
speaker_heading: 9TH JUROR
dialog: He didn't change his vote. I did.
dialog: Would you like me to tell you why?
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: No, I wouldn't like you to tell me
dialog: why.
speaker_heading: 9TH JUROR
dialog: Well I'd like to make it clear,
dialog: anyway, if you don't mind.
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: Do we have to listen to this?
speaker_heading: 6TH JUROR
dialog: Hey look! The man wants to talk.
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
dialog: 40
speaker_heading: 9TH JUROR
dialog: Thank you.
dialog: (to the 7th Juror)
dialog: This gentleman --
dialog: (he indicates the 8th Juror)
dialog: has been standing alone against us.
text: He doesn't say the boy is not guilty.
dialog: He just isn't sure. Well, it's not
dialog: easy to stand alone against the
dialog: ridicule of others. He gambled for
dialog: support and I gave it to him. I
text: respect his motives. The boy on
dialog: trial is probably guilty. But I want
dialog: to hear more.
dialog: (The 7th Juror crosses to the
dialog: washroom)
dialog: For the time being the vote is ten to
dialog: two. .
dialog: (the 7th Juror enters the
text: washroom, slams the door after
dialog: him) :
dialog: I'm talking here. You have no right
dialog: to...
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: (to 9th Juror)
dialog: He can't hear you. He never will.
dialog: Let's sit down.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: Well, if the speech is over, maybe we
dialog: can go on.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: I think we ought to take a break.
dialog: One man's inside there. Let's wait
dialog: for him.
text: The Foreman moves above the table.to where the two knives are stuck
text: into it. He plucks the tagged knife out and closes it.
speaker_heading: 12TH JUROR
dialog: (to 11th Juror)
dialog: Looks like we're really hung up here.
dialog: I mean, that thing with the old man
dialog: was pretty unexpected. I wish I knew
dialog: how we could break this up.
dialog: (he suddenly smiles)
dialog: Y'know, in advertising... I told you
dialog: I worked at an ad agency, didn't I?
text: The Foreman crosses to the door and knocks. The Guard enters. The
text: Foreman hands him the knife. The Guard exits.
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96 a
speaker_heading: 12TH JUROR
dialog: Well, there are some pretty strange
dialog: people -- not strange, really -- they
dialog: just have peculiar ways of expressing
dialog: themselves, y'know what I mean?
dialog: (the 11th Juror nods)
dialog: Well, it’s probably the same in your
dialog: business -- right? What do you do?
speaker_heading: 11TH JUROR
dialog: I'm a watchmaker.
speaker_heading: 12TH JUROR
dialog: Really? The finest watchmakers come
dialog: from Europe, I imagine.
text: The llth Juror bows slightly. The 6th Juror rises, goes into the
dialog: bathroom.
speaker_heading: 12 JUROR
dialog: Anyway, I was telling you -- in the
dialog: agency, when they reach a point like
dialog: this in a meeting, there's always
text: ‘some character ready with an idea.
dialog: And it kills me, I mean it's the
dialog: weirdest thing sometimes the way they
dialog: precede the idea with some kind of
dialog: phrase. Like -- oh, some account
dialog: exec'll say, "Here's an idea. Let's
dialog: run it up the flagpole and see if
dialog: anyone salutes it," or "Put it ona
dialog: bus and see if it gets off at Wall
dialog: Street." I mean, it's idiotic, but
dialog: it's funny.
text: 8th Juror goes into the washroom and hangs his jacket on a hook.
text: 3rd Juror crosses to 5th Juror.
speaker_heading: - 3RD JUROR
dialog: (to 5th Juror)
dialog: Look, I was a little excited. Well,
dialog: you know how it is -- I didn't mean
dialog: to get nasty or anything.
text: 5th Juror crosses away from 3rd Juror without answering. 7th Juror
text: steps away from the washbasin and dries his hands. The 8th Juror
text: crosses to washbasin.
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: (to 8th Juror)
dialog: Say, are you a salesman?
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: I'm an architect.
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
dialog: 42
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: You know what the soft sell is?
dialog: You're pretty good at it. I'll tell
dialog: ya. I got a different technique.
dialog: Jokes. Drinks. Knock 'em on their
dialog: asses. I made twenty-seven thousand
dialog: last year selling marmalade. That's
text: not bad. Considering marmalade.
text: (he watches the 8th Juror for a
dialog: moment )
dialog: What are ya getting out of it --
dialog: kicks? The boy is guilty, pal. So
dialog: let's go home before we get sore
text: throats.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: What's the difference whether you get
dialog: one here or at the ball game?
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: No difference pal... No difference at
dialog: all.
text: 7th Juror exits the washroom. 6th Juror enters from the lavatory,
text: goes to the washbasin and washes his hands.
speaker_heading: 6TH JUROR
dialog: (to the 8th Juror)
dialog: Nice bunch of guys.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: I guess they're the same as any.
speaker_heading: 6TH JUROR
dialog: That loud, heavy-set guy, the one who
dialog: was tellin' us about his kid -- the
dialog: way he was talking -- boy, that was
dialog: an embarrassing thing.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: 6TH JUROR
dialog: What a murderous day. You think
dialog: we'll be here much longer?
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: 6TH JUROR
dialog: He's guilty for sure. There's not a
dialog: doubt in the whole world. We shoulda
dialog: been done already. Listen, I don't
dialog: care, y'know. It beats workin’.
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96 43
speaker_heading: 6TH JUROR (CONT)
dialog: (8th Juror smiles)
dialog: You think he's innocent?
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: I don't know. It's possible.
speaker_heading: 6TH JUROR
dialog: I don't know you, but I'm bettin'
dialog: you've never been wronger in your.
dialog: life. Y'oughta wrap it up. You're
dialog: wastin' your time.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: Suppose you were the one on trial?
speaker_heading: 6TH JUROR
dialog: I'm not used to supposing. I'm just
dialog: a working man. My boss does the
dialog: supposing. But I'll try one.
dialog: Suppose you talk us all outta this
dialog: and the kid really did knife his
dialog: father?
text: The 6th Juror looks at the 8th Juror for a moment. then goes into
dialog: Do the jury room. The 8th Juror stands alone for a few moments and we
dialog: know that this is the problem which has been tormenting him. He
text: does not know, and never will. He switches out the washroom light,
text: goes into the jury room.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Okay, let's take seats.
speaker_heading: 2ND JUROR
dialog: Looks like we'll be here for dinner.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Okay. Let's get down to business.
dialog: - Who wants to start it off?
text: There is a pause, then the 4th and 6th Jurors start to speak at the
dialog: same time.
scene_heading: 6TH JUROR/4TH JUROR
dialog: Well, I'd like to make a point...
speaker_heading: 6TH JUROR
dialog: (to the 4th Juror)
dialog: Pardon me.
scene_heading: ' 4TH JUROR/6TH JUROR
dialog: Maybe it would be profitable if we...
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
dialog: 44
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: (t6 the 6th juror)
dialog: I'm sorry, go ahead.
speaker_heading: 6TH JUROR
dialog: I didn't mean to interrupt.
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: No. Go ahead. It's all right.
speaker_heading: 6TH JUROR
dialog: Well, I was going to say, well, this
dialog: is probably a small point, but
dialog: anyway...
dialog: (to the 8th Juror)
text: The boy had a motive for the killing.
dialog: You know, the beatings and all. So
dialog: if he didn't do it, who did? Who
dialog: else had the motive? That's my
dialog: point. JI mean, nobody goes out and
dialog: kills someone without a motive, not
dialog: unless he's just plain nuts. Right?
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: As far as I know we're supposed to
dialog: decide whether or not the boy on
dialog: trial is guilty beyond a reasonable -
dialog: doubt. We're not concerned with
dialog: anyone else's motives here. That's a
dialog: job for the police.
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: Very true. But we can't help letting
dialog: the only motive we know of creep into
dialog: our thoughts, can we? And we can't
dialog: help asking ourselves who else might
dialog: have had a motive. Logically, these
text: things follow.
text: (he nods towards the 6th juror)
dialog: This gentleman is asking a reasonable
dialog: question.. Somebody killed him. If
dialog: it wasn't the boy, who was it?
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: Modjelewski.
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: You're talking about the man I love!
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
dialog: 45
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: If you haven't got anything to add
dialog: besides jokes, I suggest you listen.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: Okay. It's just letting off steam.
dialog: I'm sorry. Go ahead.
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: (to the 8th Juror)
dialog: Well, maybe you can answer me. Who
dialog: else might have killed the father?
speaker_heading: _ 8TH JUROR
dialog: Well, I don't know. The father
dialog: wasn't exactly a model citizen. The
dialog: boy's lawyer outlined is background
text: in his.closing statement. He was in
dialog: prison once. He was known to be a
dialog: compulsive gambler and a pretty
dialog: consistent loser. .He spent a lot of
dialog: time in neighborhood bars and he'd
dialog: get into fist fights sometimes after
text: a couple of drinks. Usually over a
dialog: woman. He was a tough, cruel,
dialog: primitive kind of man who never held
dialog: a job for more than six months in his
dialog: life. So here are a few
dialog: possibilities. He could have been
dialog: murdered by one of many men he served
text: time with in prison. By a bookmaker.
text: By a man he'd beaten up. By a woman
dialog: he'd picked up. By any one of the
dialog: rough characters he was known to hang
dialog: out with.
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: Boy-oh-boy, that's the biggest load
dialog: of crap I ever... Listen, we know the
dialog: father was a bum. So what has that
dialog: got to do with anything?
speaker_heading: _ 8TH JUROR
dialog: I didn't bring it up. I was asked
dialog: who else might have killed him. I
dialog: gave my answer.
speaker_heading: 9TH JUROR
dialog: (pointing at 4th Juror)
dialog: That gentleman over there asked a
dialog: direct question.
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
dialog: 46
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: Everyone's a lawyer!
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: Look, suppose you answer this for me.
dialog: The old man who lived downstairs
dialog: heard the kid yell out, "I'm going to
dialog: kill you." A split second later he
text: heard a body hit the floor. Then he
text: saw the kid run out of the house.
dialog: Now what does all that mean to you?
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: I was wondering how clearly the old
text: man could have heard the boy's voice
text: through the ceiling.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: He didn't hear it through the
text: ceiling. His window was open and so
text: was the window upstairs. It was a
dialog: hot night, remember?
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: ’ The voice came from another
dialog: apartment. It's not easy to identify
text: a voice, especially a shouting voice.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: He identified it in court. He picked
text: the boy's voice out of five other
text: voices, blindfolded.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: That was just an ambitious district
dialog: attorney putting on a show. Look,
text: the old man knows the boy's voice
dialog: very well. They've lived in the same
dialog: house for years. But to identify it
dialog: positively from the apartment
dialog: downstairs... Isn't it possible he
dialog: was wrong -- that maybe he thought
dialog: the boy was upstairs and
dialog: automatically decided that the voice
dialog: he heard was the boy's voice?
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: I think that's a bit far-fetched.
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: -Brother, you can say that again.
dialog: ~—— og SSS
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
dialog: 47
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR (CONT)
dialog: (to the 8th Juror)
dialog: Look. The old man heard the father's
text: body falling and then he saw the boy
text: run out of the house fifteen seconds
text: later. He saw the boy.
speaker_heading: 12 JUROR
dialog: Check. And don't forget the woman
text: across the street. She looked right
text: into the open window and saw the boy
dialog: stab his father. I mean, isn't that
dialog: enough for you?
speaker_heading: - 8TH JUROR
dialog: Not right now. No, it isn't.
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: How do you like him? It's like
text: talking into a dead phone.
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
text: The woman saw the killing through the
text: windows of a moving elevated train.
text: The train had six cars and she saw it
text: through the windows of the last two
dialog: cars. She remembered the most
dialog: significant details. I don't see how
dialog: you can argue with that.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: (to 8th Juror)
dialog: Well, what have you got to say about
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: I don't know. It doesn't sound right
dialog: to me.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: Well, suppose you think about it.
dialog: (to 12th Juror)
dialog: Lend me your pencil
text: The 12th Juror hands the pencil to 3rd Juror who starts to draw
text: what is obviously a tic-tac-toe pattern on the pad.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: I wonder if anybody has any idea how
dialog: long it takes an elevated train...
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
dialog: 48
text: He sees 3rd Juror and 12th Juror playing tic-tac-toe, snatches up
text: the pad, tears off the top sheet, crumples it and drops it in the
dialog: waste basket. . -
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: Wait a minute!
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: This isn't a game.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Who do you think you are?
speaker_heading: 12TH JUROR
dialog: (to 3rd Juror)
dialog: All right, take it easy.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Come on now, sit down.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: I've got a good mind to belt him one.
speaker_heading: . FOREMAN
dialog: Now, please! I don't want any fights
dialog: in here.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: Did you see him? The nerve! The
dialog: absolute nerve!
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: All right. Forget it. It's not
dialog: important. Know what I mean?
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: This isn't a game. Who does he think
dialog: he's dealing with here?
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Come on, now. It's all over. Let's
dialog: take our seats.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: What's all over? I want an apology.
speaker_heading: 6TH JUROR
text: O.K., noisy. He apologizes. Now
dialog: let's hear what the man has to say.
dialog: —— owe
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
dialog: 49
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: Thank you. I wonder if anybody has
dialog: an idea how long it takes an elevated
text: train going at medium. speed to pass a
dialog: given point?
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: What has that got to do with
dialog: anything?
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: How long? Take a guess.
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: I wouldn't have the slightest idea.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: (to 5th Juror)
dialog: What do you think?
speaker_heading: STH JUROR
dialog: I don't know. About ten or twelve
dialog: seconds, maybe.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: What's all this for?
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: I'd say that was a fair guess.
dialog: Anyone else?
speaker_heading: 11TH JUROR
dialog: That sounds right to me.
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: Come on, what's the guessing game
dialog: for?
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: (to 2nd Juror)
dialog: What would you say?
speaker_heading: . 2ND JUROR
text: Ten seconds. Approximately.
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: All right. Say ten seconds. What
dialog: are you getting at?
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
text: This. It takes a six car el train
text: ten seconds to pass a given point.
dialog: Now say that given point is the open
text: window of the room in which the
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
text: He laughs.
dialog: 50
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR (CONT)
dialog: killing took place. You can almost
text: reach out ‘the window of that room and
dialog: touch the el tracks. Right?
speaker_heading: 5TH JUROR
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: All right. Now let me ask you this -
dialog: - has anyone here ever lived right
dialog: next to the el tracks?
speaker_heading: 6TH JUROR
dialog: Well, I just finished painting an
text: apartment that overlooked an el line.
dialog: I'm a house painter, y'know. I was
dialog: there for three days.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: What was it like?
speaker_heading: 6TH JUROR
dialog: -What d'ya mean?
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: Noisy?
speaker_heading: 6TH JUROR
dialog: Brother! Well, it didn't matter.
dialog: We're all punch in our business,
dialog: anyway.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: I lived in a second-floor apartment
text: next to an el line once. When the
text: window's open and the train goes by,
dialog: the noise is almost unbearable. You
dialog: can't hear yourself think.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: Okay. You can't hear yourself think.
dialog: Will you get to the point!
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: I will. Let's take two pieces of
dialog: testimony and try to put them
dialog: together. First, the old man in the
text: apartment downstairs. He says he
dialog: heard the boy say, "I'm going to kill
dialog: you," and a split second later he
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
dialog: 51
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR (CONT)
text: heard the. body hit the floor. One
dialog: second later. Right?
speaker_heading: 2ND JUROR
dialog: That's right.
scene_heading: . 8TH JUROR ,
dialog: Second, the woman in the apartment
text: across the street. She claimed that
text: she looked out of her window and saw
dialog: the killing through the last two cars
dialog: of a passing elevated train. Right?
text: The last two cars.
speaker_heading: _ 3RD JUROR
dialog: All right. What point are you making
dialog: here? .
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: Now, we agreed that an el train takes
dialog: about ten seconds to pass a given
dialog: point. Since the woman saw the
text: ‘stabbing through the last two cars we
dialog: can assume that the boy fell to the
text: floor just as the train passed by.
dialog: Therefore, the el train had been
text: roaring by the old man's window for a
text: full ten seconds before the body
text: fell. The old man, according to his
dialog: own testimony, hearing "I'm going to
dialog: kill you" and the body falling a
dialog: split second later, would have had to
dialog: hear the boy make this statement
text: while the el was roaring past his
dialog: nose. It's not possible that he
dialog: could have heard it.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: That's idiotic! Sure he could have
dialog: heard it.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: (to 3rd Juror)
dialog: Do you think so?
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: The old man said the boy yelled it
dialog: out. That's enough for me.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: If he heard anything at all, he still
dialog: couldn't have identified the voice
text: with the el rearing by.
dialog: 
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
dialog: 52
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: You're talking about a matter. of
dialog: seconds here. Nobody can be that
dialog: accurate.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: Well, I think that testimony which
dialog: could put a human being into the
dialog: electric chair should be that
dialog: accurate.
scene_heading: 5TH JUROR .
dialog: I don't think he could have heard it.
speaker_heading: 6TH JUROR
dialog: Yeah. Maybe he didn't hear it. I
dialog: mean, with the el noise...
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: What are you people talking about?
speaker_heading: 5TH JUROR
dialog: Well, it stands to reason...
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: You're crazy! Why should he lie?
dialog: What's he got to gain?
speaker_heading: 9TH JUROR
dialog: Attention, maybe.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: You keep coming up with these bright
dialog: sayings. Why don't you send one in
dialog: to a newspaper? They pay three
dialog: dollars.
speaker_heading: 6TH JUROR
dialog: (to 3rd Juror)
dialog: Hey! What're ya talking to him like
dialog: that for?
text: The 3rd Juror looks at the 6th Juror then turns disgustedly away.
text: The 6th Juror reaches out and turns the 3rd Juror firmly around by
dialog: the arm.
speaker_heading: 6TH JUROR (CONT)
dialog: A guy who talks like that old man
dialog: oughta really get stepped on y'know.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: Get your hands off me!
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
speaker_heading: 6TH JUROR
dialog: You oughta have some respect, mister.
dialog: If you say stuff like that to him
dialog: again -- I'm gonna lay you out.
dialog: (he releases the 3rd Juror and
dialog: speaks to the 9th Juror)
dialog: Go ahead. You can say anything you
dialog: want. Why do you think the old man
dialog: might lie?
speaker_heading: 9TH JUROR ~
dialog: It's just that I looked at him fora
text: very long time. The seam of his
text: jacket was split under his arm. Did
dialog: you notice it? I mean, to come into
dialog: court like that. He was a very old
text: man with a torn jacket and he walked
text: very slowly to the stand. He was
text: dragging his left leg and trying to
dialog: hide it ‘because he was ashamed. I
dialog: think I know him better than anyone
dialog: here. This is a quiet, frightened,
text: insignificant old man who has been
dialog: nothing all his life, who has never
dialog: had recognition, his name in the
dialog: newspapers. Nobody knows him, nobody
dialog: quotes him, nobody seeks his advice
dialog: after seventy-five years. That's a
dialog: very sad thing, to be nothing. A man
dialog: like this needs to be recognized, to
dialog: be listened to, to be quoted just
dialog: once. This is very important. It
dialog: would be so hard for him to recede Q
text: into the background when there's a
dialog: chance to be...
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: Now, wait a minute. Are you trying
dialog: to tell us he'd lie just so that he
dialog: could be important once?
speaker_heading: 9TH JUROR
dialog: No. He wouldn't really lie. But
dialog: perhaps he'd make himself believe
dialog: that he'd heard those words and
text: recognized the boy's face.
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: Well, that's the most fantastic story
dialog: I've ever heard. How can you make up
dialog: a think like that? what do you know
dialog: about it?
text: The 9th Juror lowers his head, embarrassed.
dialog: a a
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
dialog: 54
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: Gentlemen, let me remind you, this
dialog: case is based on a reasonable and
dialog: logical progression of facts. Let's
dialog: keep it there.
speaker_heading: 11TH JUROR
dialog: Facts may be colored by the
dialog: personalities of the people who
dialog: present. them.
speaker_heading: 2ND JUROR
dialog: Anybody want a cough drop?
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: I'll take one.
dialog: (2nd Juror offers the cough. drops
dialog: to the 8th Juror. 8th Juror
dialog: takes one)
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: 12TH JUROR
dialog: Say what you like, I still don't see
dialog: how anybody can think the boy's not
dialog: guilty.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: There's another think I wanted to
dialog: talk about for a minute. I think
dialog: we've proved that the old man
dialog: couldn't have heard the boy say, "I'm
dialog: going to kill you," but supposing...
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: You didn't prove it at all. What are
dialog: you talking about?
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
text: But supposing he really did hear it.
dialog: This phrase, how many times has each
dialog: of us used it? Probably hundreds.
dialog: "I could kill you for that, darling."
dialog: "TE you do that once more, Junior,
dialog: I'm going to kill you." "'Come on,
dialog: Rocky, kill him." We say it every
dialog: day. It doesn't mean we're going to
dialog: kill someone.
dialog: ~~ er
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
dialog: 55
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: Wait a minute! What are you trying
dialog: to give us here? The phrase was,
dialog: "I'm going to kill you," and the kid
text: screamed it out at the top of his
dialog: lungs. Don't tell me he didn't mean
dialog: it. Anybody says a thing like that
dialog: the way he said it, they mean it.
speaker_heading: 2ND JUROR
dialog: Well, gee, I don't know. I remember
dialog: I was arguing with the guy I work
dialog: next to at the bank a couple of weeks
dialog: ago; so he called me an idiot; so I
dialog: yelled at him...
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: Now listen, this guy is making you
dialog: believe things that aren't so. The:
dialog: kid said he was going to kill him and
dialog: he did kill him.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: Well, let me ask you this: do you
dialog: really think the boy would shout out
dialog: a thing like that so the whole
dialog: neighborhood would hear it? I don't
dialog: think so. He's much too bright for
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: Bright? He's a common ignorant slob.
dialog: He’ don't even speak good English.
speaker_heading: 11TH JUROR
dialog: He doesn't even speak good English
speaker_heading: 5TH JUROR
dialog: I'd like to change my vote to "not
dialog: guilty".
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: Now you've got to be kidding.
speaker_heading: 5TH JUROR
dialog: You heard.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Are you sure?
speaker_heading: 5TH JUROR
dialog: Yes, I'm sure.
dialog: a RF
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
dialog: 56
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: The vote is nine to three in favor of
dialog: "guilty":
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: Well, if that isn't the livin' end!
dialog: What are you basing it on? Stories
dialog: this guy made up. He oughta write
dialog: for Amazing Detective Monthly. He'd
dialog: make a fortune.
dialog: (to Sth Juror)
dialog: Listen, there are facts staring you
dialog: right in your face. Every one of
dialog: them says this kid killed his old
dialog: man. For cryin' out loud his. own
dialog: lawyer knew he didn't stand a chance
dialog: right from the beginning. His own -
dialog: lawyer. You could see it. He .
dialog: deserves the chair.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: Does he? It’s happened before that
dialog: someone’s been convicted of a murder,
dialog: .and executed, and years later someone
text: else has confessed to the crime.
dialog: Sometimes... sometimes the facts that
text: are staring everyone in the face are
dialog: wrong. :
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR :
dialog: (to 8th Juror)
dialog: I'm talkin' to him --
dialog: (he indicates to the 5th Juror)
dialog: not to you.
dialog: (to the others)
dialog: Boy, this guy is really something.
dialog: (to the 8th Juror)
dialog: Listen, the kid had a lawyer, didn’t
dialog: he? The lawyer presented his case,
dialog: not you. How come you've got so much
dialog: to say?
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: The lawyér was court-appointed.
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: So what does that mean?
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: Well, it could mean a lot of things.
dialog: It could mean he didn't want the
dialog: case. It could mean he resented
dialog: being appointed. It's the kind of
dialog: case that brings him nothing. No
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
dialog: 57
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR (CONT)
dialog: money. No glory. Not even much
dialog: chance of winning. It's not a very
dialog: promising situation for a young
dialog: lawyer. He'd really have to believe
text: in his client to put up a good fight.
dialog: As you pointed out a minute ago, he
dialog: obviously didn't.
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: Sure he didn't. Who in hell could,
dialog: except God come to earth or somebody?
text: (he looks at his watch then up at
dialog: the clock)
dialog: Come on already! Look at the time!
speaker_heading: 11TH JUROR
dialog: Pardon me, but I have made some notes
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: Notes yet!
speaker_heading: 11TH JUROR
dialog: I would like please to say something.
dialog: I have been listening very closely,
dialog: and it seems to me that this man --
dialog: (he indicates the 8th Juror)
dialog: has some very good points to make.
dialog: From what was presented at the trial
dialog: the boy looks guilty, but maybe if we
dialog: go deeper...
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: Come on, will ya.
speaker_heading: 11TH JUROR
dialog: There is a question I would like to
dialog: ask. We assume that the boy
text: committed murder. He stabbed his
text: father in the chest and ran away.
dialog: This was at ten minutes after twelve.
dialog: Now, how was he caught by the police?
dialog: He came home at three o'clock or so
dialog: and was captured by two detective in
dialog: the hallway of his house. My
dialog: question is, if he really had killed
dialog: his father, why would he come back
dialog: three hours later? Wouldn't he be
dialog: afraid of being caught?
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
dialog: 58
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: Look -- he came home to get his
dialog: knife. It's not nice to leave knives
text: sticking around in people's chests.
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: Yeah, especially relatives.
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: I don't see anything funny about it.
dialog: (to the 11th Juror)
dialog: The boy knew that there were people
dialog: who could identify the knife as the
dialog: one he had just bought. He had to
dialog: get it before the police did.
speaker_heading: 11TH JUROR
dialog: But if he knew the knife could be
dialog: identified, why did he leave it there
dialog: in the first place?
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: Well, I think we can assume he ran
text: out in a state of panic after he
dialog: killed his father, and then when he
text: finally calmed down, he realized that
text: he had left the knife there.
speaker_heading: 11TH JUROR
dialog: This then depends on your definition
text: of panic. He was calm enough to see
dialog: to-it that there were no fingerprints
dialog: on the knife. Now where did his
dialog: panic. start and where did it end?
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: Look, you can forget all that other
dialog: stuff. He still came home to dig out
dialog: his knife and get rid of it.
speaker_heading: 11TH JUROR
dialog: Three hours later?
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: Sure, three hours later.
speaker_heading: 11TH JUROR
dialog: If I were the boy and I had killed my
dialog: father, I would not have come home
dialog: three hours later. I would be afraid
dialog: that the police would be there. I
dialog: would stay away, knife or no knife.
dialog: — =
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
dialog: 59
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: Listen, you voted "guilty", didn't
dialog: you? What side are you on?
speaker_heading: 11TH JUROR
dialog: I don't believe I have to be loyal to
dialog: one side or the other. I am simply
dialog: asking questions.
speaker_heading: 12TH JUROR
dialog: Well, this is just off the top of my
dialog: head, but if I were the boy, and I'd,
dialog: you know, done the stabbing and
dialog: everything, I'd take a chance and go
dialog: back for the knife. I'll bet he
dialog: figured no one had seen him and that
dialog: the body probably wasn't even
dialog: discovered yet. After all, it was
text: the middle of the night. He probably
dialog: thought no one would find the boy
dialog: till the next day.”
speaker_heading: 11TH JUROR
dialog: Pardon. Here.is my whole point. . The
text: woman across the street testified
dialog: that a moment after she saw the
dialog: killing, that is, a moment after the
text: el train went by, she screamed and
dialog: then went to telephone the police.
dialog: Now, the boy must certainly have
dialog: heard that scream and known that
dialog: somebody saw something. I don't
dialog: think he would have gone back if he
dialog: had been the murderer.
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: Two points. One: in his state of
dialog: panic he may not have heard the
text: scream. Perhaps it wasn't very loud. .
dialog: Two: if he did hear it, he may not
dialog: have connected it with his own act.
dialog: Remember he lived in a neighborhood
dialog: where screams were fairly
text: commonplace.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: Right! There's your answer.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: Maybe. Maybe he did stab his father,
text: didn't hear the woman's scream, did
text: run out in a panic, did calm down
text: three hours later and come back to
dialog: try to get the knife, risking being
dialog: —— oe ee
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
dialog: 60
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR. (CONT)
text: caught by the police. Maybe all
dialog: those things are so. But maybe
dialog: they're not. I think there's enough
dialog: doubt to make us wonder whether he
dialog: was there at all during the time the
dialog: murder took place.
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: What d'ya mean doubt? What are you
dialog: talking about? didn't the old man
text: see him running out of the house?
dialog: He's twisting the facts. I'm telling
dialog: you!
dialog: (to the 11th Juror)
dialog: Did or didn't the old man see the kid
text: running out of the house at twelve-
dialog: ten? Well, did he or didn't he?
speaker_heading: 11TH JUROR
dialog: He says he did.
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: Says he did!
dialog: (to the others)
dialog: Boy-oh-boy! How do you like that?
dialog: (to the 11th Juror)
dialog: Well, did or didn't the woman across
text: the street see the kid kill his
dialog: father? She says she did. You're
dialog: makin' out like it don't matter what
dialog: people say. What you want to
dialog: believe, you believe, and what you
dialog: don't want to believe, so you don't.
dialog: What kind of way is that? What d'ya
dialog: think these people get up on the
dialog: witness stand for -- their health?
dialog: I'm telling you men the facts are
text: being changed around here. Witnesses
dialog: are being doubted and there's no
dialog: reason for it.
speaker_heading: 5TH JUROR
dialog: Witnesses can make mistakes.
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: Sure, when you want ‘em to, they do!
dialog: Know what I mean?
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Okay. Let's hold the yelling down.
dialog: 
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
dialog: Jurors who are
dialog: 61
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: You keep- saying that. Maybe what we
dialog: need is a little yelling in here.
dialog: These guys are going off every which
dialog: way. Did hear the scream, didn't
dialog: hear the scream. What's the
dialog: difference? they're just little
dialog: details. You're forgetting the
dialog: important stuff. I mean, all of a
dialog: sudden here everybody...
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: I'd like to call for another vote.
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: Listen, I'm talking here.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: There's another vote called for. Now -
dialog: about taking seats.
text: standing move toward their seats.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: What are we gonna gain by voting
dialog: again?
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: I don't know. The gentleman asked...
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: I never saw so much time spent on
dialog: nothing.
speaker_heading: 2ND JUROR
dialog: (mildly)
text: It only takes a second.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Okay. I guess the fastest way is to
dialog: find out who's voting not guilty.
dialog: All those in favor of not guilty
text: raise their hands.
text: 5th, 8th and 9th Jurors raise their hands.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN (CONT)
dialog: Still the same. One, two, three not
dialog: guilty's. Nine guilty's.
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: So now where are we? I'm telling
dialog: you, we can yakety-yak until next
dialog: Tuesday here. Where's it getting us?
speaker_heading: CS —_— ar
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
dialog: 62
speaker_heading: 11TH JUROR
dialog: Pardon.
dialog: (hé slowly raises his hand)
dialog: I vote not guilty.
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: Oh, brother!
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: Oh, now listen! What are you talking
dialog: about? I mean, we're all going crazy
dialog: in here or something! This kid is
dialog: guilty. Why don'tcha pay attention
dialog: to the facts.
dialog: (to 4th Juror)
dialog: Listen, tell him, will ya? This is
dialog: getting to be a goddamn joke!
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: The vote is eight to four, favor of
dialog: guilty.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: I mean, everybody's heart is starting
dialog: to bleed for this punk little kid
dialog: like the President just declared it
dialog: "Love Your Underprivileged Brother
dialog: Week", or something.
dialog: (to 11th Juror)
dialog: Listen, I'd like you to tell me why
dialog: you changed your vote. Come one,
dialog: give me reasons.
speaker_heading: 11TH JUROR
dialog: I don't have to defend my decision to
dialog: you. I have a reasonable doubt in my
dialog: mind.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: What reasonable doubt? That's
text: nothing but words.
text: (he pulls out the switch-knife
text: from the table and holds it ‘up)
dialog: Here, look at this. The kid you just
dialog: decided isn't guilty was seen ramming
dialog: this thing into his father. Well,
dialog: look at it, Mr. Reasonable Doubt.
scene_heading: 9TH. JUROR
dialog: That's not the knife. Don't you
dialog: remember?
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: Brilliant!
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
text: He sticks the knife into the table.
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: I'm tellin' ya, this is the craziest.
dialog: (to the 8th Juror)
dialog: I mean, you're sittin’ in here
text: pulling stories outta thin air.
dialog: What're we supposed to believe?
dialog: (to the others)
dialog: I'm telling you, if this guy was
text: sitting ringside at the Dempsey-Firpo
dialog: fight, he'd be tryin' to tell us
dialog: Firpo won.
dialog: (to the 8th Juror)
dialog: -Look, what about the old man?. Are we
dialog: supposed to believe that he didn't
text: | get up and run to his door and see
text: the kid tearing down the stairs
dialog: , fifteen seconds after the killing?
dialog: He's only saying he did to be
dialog: important. I mean, what's the point
dialog: of the whole.:.?
speaker_heading: . 5TH JUROR
dialog: } i Hold it a second.
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: And the Milwaukee rooter is heard
dialog: from. And pop-ups are falling for
dialog: base hits wherever we look. I tell
dialog: you...
speaker_heading: 5TH JUROR
dialog: Did the old man say he ran to the
dialog: door?
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: Ran. Walked. What’s the difference?
dialog: He got there.
speaker_heading: 6TH JUROR
text: He said he ran to the door. At
dialog: least, I think he did.
speaker_heading: 5TH JUROR
dialog: I don't remember what he said. But I
dialog: don't see how he could run.
dialog: eet entiaaaae
speaker_heading: ) 4TH JUROR
dialog: He said he went from his bedroom to
dialog: : the front door. That's enough, isn't
dialog: | it?
dialog: 
dialog: —— =F aS
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
dialog: He goes to the
dialog: 64
speaker_heading: _ 8TH JUROR
dialog: Wait a minute. Where was his
dialog: bedroom, again?
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: Down the hall somewhere. I thought
dialog: you remembered everything. Don't you
dialog: remember that?
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: No. Mr. Foreman, I'd like to take a
text: look at the diagram of the apartment.
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: Why don't we have them run the trial
dialog: over just so you can get everything
dialog: straight?
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: Mr. Foreman...
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: I heard you.
text: door and knocks. The Guard enters. The Foreman
text: confers briefly with him. The Guard exits and locks the door after
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: All right, what's this for? How come
dialog: you're the only one in the room who
dialog: wants to see exhibits all the time?
speaker_heading: 5TH JUROR
dialog: I want to see his one, too.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: And I want to stop wasting time.
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: I£ we're going to start wading
dialog: through all that business about where
dialog: the body was found...
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: We're not. Not unless someone else
dialog: wants to. I'd like to see if a very
text: old man who drags one leg when he
dialog: walks because he had a stroke last
dialog: year can get from his bed to his
text: front door in fifteen seconds.
dialog: $$
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96 65
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: He said twenty seconds.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: He said fifteen.
speaker_heading: - 3RD JUROR
dialog: Now I'm telling you he said twenty.
dialog: What're you trying to distort...
speaker_heading: 12TH JUROR
dialog: He said fifteen.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: How does he know how long fifteen
dialog: seconds is? You can't judge that
dialog: kind of thing. .
speaker_heading: 9TH JUROR
dialog: He said fifteen seconds. He was very
dialog: positive about it..
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: He's an old man. You saw him. Half
dialog: the time he was confused. How could
dialog: he be positive about anything.
text: The Guard enters carrying a large diagram of the apartment. The
text: diagram is a layout of a railroad flat. A bedroom faces the el
text: tracks. Behind it is a series of rooms off a long hall. In the
text: front room is an "X" marking the spot where the body was found. At
text: the back of the apartment we see the entrance into the apartment
text: hall from the building hall. We see a flight of stairs in the
text: building hall. Each room is labeled and the dimensions of each
text: room are shown. Foreman takes diagram. Guard exits.
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: I don't see what we're going to prove
dialog: here. The man said he saw the boy
text: running out.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: Well, let's see if the details bear
text: him out. As soon as the body fell to
dialog: the floor, he said, he heard
text: footsteps upstairs running towards
text: the front door. He heard the
text: upstairs door open and the footsteps
text: start down the stairs. He got to his
text: front door as soon as he could. He
dialog: swore that it couldn't have been more
dialog: than fifteen seconds. Now, if the
dialog: killer began running immediately...
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96 . 66
speaker_heading: 12TH JUROR
dialog: Well, maybe he didn't.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: The old man said he did.
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: You know, you ought to be down in
text: Atlantic City at the hair-splitters'
dialog: convention.
speaker_heading: 6TH JUROR
dialog: Listen, baseball, why don't you stop
dialog: making smart remarks all the time?
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: My friend, for your three dollars a
dialog: day you've gotta listen to -
dialog: everything.
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: (to 8th Juror)
dialog: Well, now that you've got that thing
dialog: in here, what about it?
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: (to Foreman)
dialog: May I?
text: (he takes the plan and puts it on
dialog: a chair)
dialog: This is the apartment in which the
text: killing took place. The old man's
text: apartment is directly beneath it and
dialog: exactly the same. Here are the el
text: tracks. The bedroom. Another
text: bedroom. Bathroom. Living room.
dialog: Kitchen. And this is the hall.
dialog: Here's the front door to the
dialog: apartment. And here are the stairs.
dialog: Now, the old man was in bed in this
dialog: room.
dialog: (he indicates the front bedroom)
dialog: He says he got up, went out into the
text: hall, down the hall to the front
text: door, opened it and looked out just
text: in time to see the boy racing down
dialog: the stairs. Am I right so far?
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: That's the story, for the nineteenth
dialog: time.
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96 . 67
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: Fifteen seconds after he heard the
dialog: body fall. :
speaker_heading: 11TH JUROR
dialog: Correct.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: His bed was at the window... It's...
text: (he looks closely at the plan)
text: ...twelve feet from his bed to the
text: bedroom door. The length of the hall
text: is forty-three feet, six inches.
dialog: Now,. he had to get up out of bed,
text: walk twelve feet, open the bedroom
text: door, walk forty-three feet and open
dialog: the front door -- all in fifteen
dialog: seconds. Do you think he could have
dialog: done it?
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: Sure he coulda done it.
speaker_heading: 11TH JUROR
text: He can only walk very slowly. They
dialog: had to help him into the witness
dialog: chair.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: You make it sound like a long walk.
dialog: It's not.
speaker_heading: 9TH JUROR
dialog: For an old man who had a stroke it's
text: a long walk.
text: The 8th Juror moves his chair and sets the chair to indicate a bed.
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: I want to try this thing. Let's see
dialog: how long it took him.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: What d'you mean you want to try it?
dialog: Why didn't the kid's lawyer bring it
dialog: up if it's so important?
speaker_heading: 5TH JUROR
dialog: Well, maybe he just didn't think of
dialog: it.
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
dialog: 68
speaker_heading: ‘ 10TH JUROR
dialog: What d'ya.mean he didn't think of it?
dialog: You think the man's an idiot or
dialog: something. It's an obvious thing.
speaker_heading: 5TH JUROR
dialog: Did you think of it?
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: Listen, smart’ guy. It don't matter
dialog: whether I thought of it.
speaker_heading: " FOREMAN
dialog: Okay, now... let's hold it down.
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: He didn't bring it up because he knew
dialog: the answer'd hurt his case. Now what
dialog: d’ya think of that?
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Okay...
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: It's possible that he didn't bring it
dialog: up because it would have meant
text: badgering and bullying a helpless old
dialog: man, something that I don't think
dialog: sits very well with a jury. Most
dialog: lawyers avoid that kind of thing if
dialog: they can.
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: So what kind of a bum is he, then?
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: That's what I've been asking. All
dialog: right. Let's say these chairs are
dialog: the old man's bed. I'm going to pace
text: off twelve feet, the length of the
dialog: bedroom.
text: He paces twelve feet.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: You're crazy. You can't re-create a
dialog: thing like that.
speaker_heading: 11TH JUROR
dialog: I'd like to see it.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
text: Someone hand me a chair.
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96 69
text: The 12th Juror pick sup his chair and takes it to 8th Juror. 8th
text: Juror puts the chair where he is standing.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR (CONT)
dialog: All right, this is the bedroom door.
text: The hall is a little over forty-three
dialog: feet long. I'll pace over to that
text: wall and back again.
text: He paces counting his steps silently.
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: Look, this is absolutely insane.
dialog: What's the idea of wasting
dialog: everybody's time here?
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: ...twelve...
text: (he stops and turns to the 10th
dialog: Juror)
dialog: According to you it'll only take
dialog: fifteen seconds. We can spare
dialog: that...
text: He resumes his pacing, counting to himself, and reaches the wall.
text: The others watch silently. He turns and paces, counting off the
text: rest of the distance.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR (CONT)
dialog: ...thirty nine, forty, forty-one,
dialog: forty-two, forty-three. Okay, pass
dialog: me another chair, please.
text: 6th Juror picks up a chair and takes it to 8th Juror. 8th Juror
text: places it where he is standing.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR (CONT)
text: This is the door to the outside hall
text: and stairway. It was chain-locked
dialog: according to the testimony. Who's
dialog: got a watch with a second hand?
speaker_heading: 2ND JUROR
dialog: I have.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: When you want me to start, stamp your
dialog: foot. That'll be the body falling.
dialog: Time me from there.
text: He lies down on the two chairs.
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: -* Bnyone for charades?
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96 70
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: I've never seen anything like this in
dialog: my whole life!
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: Okay. I'm ready.
text: The 2nd Juror stares at his watch, waiting.
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: Come on, let's go here.
speaker_heading: . 2ND JUROR
dialog: I want to wait until the second hand
text: reaches sixty.
text: They wait. The 2nd Juror suddenly stamps his foot. The 8th Juror
text: rises to a sitting position, swings his legs to the floor and
text: stands up. The 2nd Juror keeps his eyes on his watch. The 8th
text: Juror hobbles, dragging one leg, towards the chair which serves as
text: the bedroom door. He reaches it and pretends to open the door. He
text: then hobbles along the simulated forty-three-foot hallway.
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: Come on. Snap it up. He walked
dialog: twice as fast as that.
scene_heading: 11TH JUROR .
dialog: This is, I think, even more quickly
text: than the old man walked in the
dialog: courtroom.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: (still hobbling)
dialog: If you think I should go faster, I
dialog: will.
text: He speeds up his pace slightly, reaches the wall, turns and heads
text: for the second chair, the one simulating the door to the outer
dialog: hallway.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: Come on, will ya! Let's get this kid
dialog: stuff over with.
text: They watch as the 8th Juror reaches the last chair. He pretends to
text: open an imaginary chain lock and then opens the imaginary door.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: Stop!
speaker_heading: 2ND JUROR
dialog: Right.
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
dialog: 7
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: What's the time?
speaker_heading: 2ND_ JUROR
dialog: Fifteen -- twenty -- thirty --
dialog: thirty-five -- forty -- forty-two
dialog: seconds exactly.
speaker_heading: 6TH JUROR
dialog: Forty-two seconds!
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: I think this is what happened. The
dialog: old man heard the fight between the
dialog: boy and his father a few hours
text: earlier. Then, while lying in bed,
text: he heard a body hit the floor in the
dialog: boy's apartment, and he heard the
text: woman scream from across the street.
text: He got up, tried to get to the door,
text: heard someone racing down the stairs,
dialog: and assumed it was the boy.
speaker_heading: 6TH JUROR
dialog: I think that's possible.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: Assumed? Now listen to me, you
dialog: people. I've seen all kinds of
dialog: dishonesty in my day -- but this
dialog: little display takes the cake. You
dialog: come in here with your sanctimonious
dialog: talk about slum kids and. injustice,
dialog: and you make up some wild stories,
dialog: and all of a sudden you start getting
dialog: through to some of these old ladies
dialog: in here. Well, you're not getting
dialog: through to me. I've had enough.
dialog: What's the matter with you people?
dialog: Every one of you knows this kid is
dialog: guilty. He's got to burn. We're
dialog: letting him slip through our fingers
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: Slip through our fingers? Are you
dialog: his executioner?
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: Maybe you'd like to pull the switch.
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96 2
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: For this kid? You bit I'd like to
dialog: pull the switch.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: I'm sorry for you.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: Don't start with me now.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: Ever since we walked into this room
dialog: you've been behaving like a self-
dialog: -appointed public avenger.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: I'm telling you now! Shut up!
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: You want to see this boy die because
dialog: you personally want it, not because
dialog: of the facts.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: Shut up!
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: You're a sadist!
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: Shut up, you son of a bitch!
text: He lunges wildly at 8th Juror.
text: The 8th Juror holds his ground. The 5th and 6th Jurors grab the
text: 3rd Juror from behind. He strains against the hands, his face dark
dialog: with rage.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR (CONT)
dialog: Let go of me, God damn it! I'll kill
dialog: him! I'11 kill him!
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: You don't really mean you'll kill me,
dialog: do you?
text: The 3rd juror breaks from the Sth and 6th jurors, stops struggling
text: and stares bitterly at the 8th Juror. .
text: There is silence. The 3rd Juror crosses to the window. The other
text: Jurors move about the room. There is an awkward silence. The
dialog: Guard enters. :
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
dialog: 3
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Is there anything wrong, gentlemen?
dialog: _I heard some noise.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: No. There's nothing wrong.
dialog: (he collects the apartment plan, ~
dialog: from the table)
dialog: Just a little argument. Everything's
dialog: okay. .
dialog: (He hands the plan to the Guard)
dialog: We're finished with this.
text: The Guard takes the plan, looks carefully around the room then
text: exits. There is a pause. The others look at the 3rd juror.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: Well, what are you staring at?
text: The others, embarrased, turn away. Someof them take their seats.
speaker_heading: 12TH JUROR
dialog: Well, -- I suppose someone has to --
dialog: start it off again.
speaker_heading: 2ND JUROR
dialog: It's getting late
dialog: (to the Foreman)
dialog: What do they do, take us out toa
dialog: restaurant for supper?
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: How do I know?
speaker_heading: 2ND JUROR
dialog: I wonder if they let us go home in
dialog: case we can't finish tonight. I've
dialog: got a boy with mumps. He's out of
dialog: here. The wife says he looks like
dialog: Khrushchev.
text: The room begins to darken perceptibly now.
scene_heading: 11TH JUROR .
dialog: Pardon. This fighting. This is not
dialog: why we are here, to fight. We have a
dialog: responsibility. This, I have always
dialog: thought, is a remarkable thing about
dialog: democracy. That we are, uh, what is
dialog: the word? Notified. That we are
dialog: notified by mail to come down to this
dialog: place and decide on the guilt or
dialog: innocence of a man we have never
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
dialog: The 4th Juror,
dialog: heat at all.
dialog: No-one answers
dialog: 74
speaker_heading: 11TH JUROR
dialog: heard before. We have nothing to
dialog: gain or loss by our verdict. This is
dialog: one of the reasons we are strong. We
dialog: should not make it a personal thing.
speaker_heading: 12TH JUROR
dialog: Um, if no-one-else has an idea, I may
dialog: have a cutie here. I mean, I haven't
dialog: put much thought into it. Anyway,
text: lemme throw it out on the stoop and
text: see if the cat licks it up.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: See if the cat licks it up?
dialog: (laughs)
speaker_heading: 12TH JUROR
dialog: Well, it wasn't much of an idea,
dialog: anyway. :
speaker_heading: 5TH JUROR
dialog: Look how dark it's getting. We're
dialog: gonna have a storm. Boy, it's hot.
text: in tie and jacket, is seemingly not bothered by the
speaker_heading: 5TH JUROR
dialog: (turns to 4th Juror)
dialog: Pardon me, don't you sweat?
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: No.. I don't.
speaker_heading: 6TH JUROR
dialog: Uh, listen, I was wondering if maybe
dialog: we shouldn't take another vote.
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: Great idea. Maybe we can follow this
text: one up with dancing and refreshments.
speaker_heading: 6TH JUROR
dialog: Mr. Foreman?
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: It's all right with me. Anyone
dialog: doesn't want to vote?
text: for a moment.
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
dialog: 75
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: I think we ought to have an open
dialog: ballot. . Call out your votes, y'know.
dialog: Let's see who stands where.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: That sounds fair. Anyone object?
dialog: The last vote was eight to four in
dialog: favor of guilty. All right. I'!11
dialog: call off your jury numbers. I vote
dialog: guilty. Number Two?
speaker_heading: 2ND JUROR
dialog: Not Guilty
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Number Three?
speaker_heading: . 3RD JUROR
dialog: Guilty.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Number Four?
speaker_heading: : 4TH JUROR
dialog: Guilty.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Number Five?
speaker_heading: 5TH JUROR
dialog: Not Guilty.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Number Six?
speaker_heading: 6TH JUROR
dialog: Not Guilty
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Number Seven?
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: Guilty.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Number Eight?
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: Not Guilty.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Number Nine?
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96 6
speaker_heading: 9TH JUROR
dialog: Not Guilty.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Number Ten?
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: Guilty.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Number Eleven?
speaker_heading: 11TH JUROR
dialog: Not Guilty.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Number Twelve?
speaker_heading: 12TH JUROR
dialog: Guilty.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Six to six.
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: And we go into extra innings here.
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: Six to six! I'm telling you, some of
dialog: you people in here are out of your
dialog: minds. A kid like that.
speaker_heading: 9TH JUROR
dialog: I don't think the kind of boy he is
dialog: has anything to do with it. The
dialog: facts are supposed to determine the
dialog: case.
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: Ah, don't give me any of that. I'm
dialog: sick and tired of facts. You can
dialog: twist 'em any way you like. Know
dialog: what I mean?
speaker_heading: 9TH JUROR
dialog: That's exactly the point this
dialog: gentleman. .
dialog: (he indicates the 8th Juror)
dialog: has been making. I mean, you keep
dialog: shouting at the top of your lungs...
text: The 8th Juror puts his hand on the 9th Juror's shoulder. The 9th
text: Juror looks at him and sits.
dialog: 
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
dialog: 77
speaker_heading: 9TH JUROR (CONT)
dialog: I'd like to be a little younger.
dialog: That man...
text: (he stops, unable to go on)
dialog: It's very hot in here.
speaker_heading: 11TH JUROR
dialog: Do you want some water?
speaker_heading: 9TH JUROR
dialog: No, thanks.
text: It has grown considerably darker in the room and its oppressively
text: still. There is a murmur of voices at the cooler where the 7th,
text: 10th, and 2nd Jurors are in various stages of getting a drink.
speaker_heading: 2ND JUROR
dialog: It's going to rain.
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: No! How did you figure that out,
dialog: blue eyes? Tell me, how come you
dialog: switched?
speaker_heading: 2ND JUROR
dialog: Well, it just seemed to me...
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: I mean, you haven't got a leg to
dialog: stand on. You know that, don'tcha?
speaker_heading: 2ND JUROR
dialog: Well, I don't feel that way.
dialog: There're a lot of details that never
dialog: came: out.
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: Details! You're just letting
dialog: yourself get bull-dozed by a bunch'a
dialog: what d'ya call ‘em -- intellectuals.
speaker_heading: 2ND JUROR
dialog: Now that's not so.
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: Ah, come on. You're like everybody
dialog: else. You think too much, you get
dialog: mixed up. Know what I mean?
speaker_heading: RR TE a,
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96 78
speaker_heading: 2ND JUROR
dialog: Now, listen, I don't think you have
dialog: any right to....
dialog: (the 10th Juror walks away.)
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Loudmouth!
text: It is now darker than before. There is no movement in the room.
text: Everyone waits for the storm. And suddenly it comes.. We hear only
text: the sound of the rain pouring down into the silence. Heads turn
text: toward the window. The rain pours down.
text: The 4th Juror goes into the washroom and exits to the lavatory.
text: The 8th Juror steps back from the window as the rain splashes in,
text: closes it. The Foreman rises, goes to the light switch at the door
text: and switches on the lights. There is a flickering of harsh white
text: light as.the fluorescent lights come on. The rain, continues
text: throughout the remainder of the film. The Foreman moves to the 8th
dialog: Juror.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Wow! Look at that come down, will
dialog: ya. Think it'll cool things off?
scene_heading: 8TH JUROR .
dialog: Yeah, I guess so.
speaker_heading: ‘ FOREMAN
dialog: Boy! Look at it go! Reminds me of
dialog: the storm we had last -- November
dialog: something. What a storm! Right in
text: the middle of the game.
scene_heading: INT. WASHROOM. - SAME
text: The 3rd Juror crosses to the washroom, goes in, switches on the
text: light and washes his hands.
speaker_heading: - FOREMAN (CONT)
dialog: We're behind seven -- six, but we're
dialog: just startin' to move the ball, off
dialog: tackle, y'know. Boom! Boom! Boy,
dialog: I'll never forget that. We had this
dialog: kid Slattery. A real ox. Wish I had
dialog: another one like him. Oh. I
dialog: probably forgot to tell you -- I'm
dialog: assistant head football coach at the
text: Andrew J. McCorckle High School.
dialog: That's in Queens.
dialog: (the 8th Juror smiles briefly)
dialog: So anyway, We're movin' real nice.
dialog: Their line is comin' apart. I'm
dialog: tellin' ya, this Slattery. Boy! And
text: all of a sudden it starts to come
scene_heading: FIRST. DRAFT - 2/14/96 . 19
speaker_heading: : FOREMAN (CONT)
text: down cats*and dogs. In two minutes
dialog: it was mud practically up to your
dialog: ass. I swear I almost bawled. We
dialog: couldn't go nowhere.
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: Hey, let's try to get this fan goin'
dialog: in here. What d'ya say?
text: The 4th Juror enters the washroom from the lavatory. The Foreman
text: goes to the bench, stands on it and starts the fan.
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR (CONT)
dialog: It musta been connected to the light
dialog: switch.
text: 3rd Juror and 4th Juror are in the washroom together.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: (to 4th Juror)
dialog: Some rain, huh?
dialog: (the 4th Juror nods)
dialog: Well, what d'ya think of this thing?
dialog: It's even-steven.
dialog: (4th Juror nods) Kind of
dialog: suprising, isn’t it?
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: Yes. :
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: Listen, that business before, you
dialog: know, where that guy was baiting me.
dialog: I mean, that doesn't prove anything.
dialog: Listen, I'm a very excitable person,
dialog: y'know. So where does he get off to
dialog: call me a public avenger and a sadist
dialog: and everything? Anybody in his right
dialog: mind’d blow his stack, wouldn't he?
dialog: He was just trying to bait me.
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: He did an excellent job.
dialog: (he moves, to the towel)
dialog: Excuse me.
dialog: (he dries his hands)
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: Okay, maybe he did. I told you, I
dialog: can't help that kind of thing. I'ma
dialog: certain type of person, I get moved
dialog: by this. But let me tell you, I'm
dialog: sincere.
speaker_heading: =swwrww aT DS
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96 80
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: Fine. We-all are.
text: The 10th Juror bursts into the washroom, strides to the basin and
text: washes his hands.
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: Well -- isn't this the god-damnedest
dialog: thing you ever saw? Six to six.
dialog: It's a joke.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: What are we gonna do about it? Can't
dialog: we break it somehow?
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR -
dialog: Those six bastards in there aren't
dialog: going to change their minds.
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: Five of them already have changed
dialog: their minds. There's no reason why
dialog: they can't be persuaded to do it
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: Just by using logic.
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: Logic! Holy cow!
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: Now just you listen to this man.
text: He's the only one in the room who
dialog: knows...
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: You want my opinion?
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: Go ahead.
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: I think we should just quit.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: What the hell are you talking about?
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
dialog: 81
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: Those people in there are suddenly
dialog: like it's some kind of mission or
dialog: something. Look, they're not gonna
dialog: switch, so let's go and tell the
dialog: Judge -- we'll be here all night.
dialog: For chrissakes let's tell him we're
dialog: hung. The hell with this. I mean,
dialog: what am I gonna do, break my brains
dialog: over scum like that?
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: Well, that's the most ridiculous
dialog: think I ever... You took an oath in
dialog: the courtroom. You can't just quit.
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: It's dishonest. Why don't you vote
dialog: not guilty?
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: I voted guilty because I think he's
dialog: guilty.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: But you don't care what happens to
dialog: him?
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: No. Why should I?
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: All right, let's stop this. We're
dialog: not going to get anywhere like this.
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: Well, what does he want? I gave my
dialog: honest opinion.
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: I suppose you don't think much of it?
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: No, I don't.
text: The Foreman opens the washroom door.
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96 82
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Uh -- we'd like to get going in here
dialog: again, if you don't mind.
text: The 4th Juror exits the washroom.
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: (to the 3rd Juror)
dialog: How about him? Is that something?
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: A hung jury doesn't mean anything.
dialog: They just have to start the trial
dialog: with another jury. That's not what
dialog: we're here for.
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: What the hell's the difference? A
dialog: hung jury is what you're gonna get.
speaker_heading: . FOREMAN
dialog: : Look, would you please...
text: The 10th Juror strides out of the washroom, the 3rd Juror switches
text: out the light and comes slowly into the room.
scene_heading: INT.. JURY ROOM - SAME
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: ' Listen, I'll tell you what I think.
dialog: We're goin' nowhere here. I'm ready
dialog: to walk into court right now and
dialog: declare a hung jury.
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: I go for that, too. Let's take it
text: into the Judge and let the kid take
dialog: his chances with twelve other guys.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: I don't think the court will accept a
dialog: ) hung jury. We haven't been in here
dialog: very long.
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: Well, let's find out.
speaker_heading: 11TH JUROR
dialog: I am not in favor of this.
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: (to, 11th Juror) _
dialog: Listen, this kid wouldn't stand a
dialog: chance with another Jury and you know
dialog: it.
dialog: (to the others)
dialog: Come on, we're hung. Nobody's gonna
dialog: change his opinion. Let's take it
dialog: inside.
speaker_heading: 5TH JUROR
dialog: You still don't think there's any
dialog: room for reasonable doubt?
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: No, I don’t.
speaker_heading: 11TH JUROR
dialog: Pardon. Maybe you don't fully
dialog: understand the term "reasonable
dialog: doubt? .
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: What d'ya mean, I don't understand
dialog: it? Who the hell are you to talk to
dialog: me like that?
dialog: (to the others)
dialog: How d'ya like this guy? I'm tellin'
dialog: ya they're all alike. He comes over
dialog: to this country running for his life
text: and before he can even take a big
dialog: breath he's telling us how to run the
dialog: show. The arrogance of the guy!
speaker_heading: STH JUROR
dialog: (to the 7th Juror)
dialog: You mean you’re calling him arrogant
dialog: because he wasn’t born here? Fine,
dialog: I’m calling you arrogant because you
dialog: were. How’s that?
speaker_heading: 11TH JUROR
dialog: Please, please. It doesn't matter.
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: Look, sonny, nobody around here's
dialog: gonna tell me what words I understand
dialog: and what words I don't.
dialog: (he points to the 11th Juror)
dialog: Especially him. Because I'll knock
dialog: his goddamn Middle European head off.
dialog: 83
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
dialog: 84
speaker_heading: : FOREMAN
dialog: All right. Let's stop arguing for
dialog: two minutes in here. Can't we stick
dialog: to the subject?
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: I'd like to go over something, if you
dialog: gentlemen don't mind. An important
dialog: point for the prosecution was the
dialog: fact that the boy, after he claimed
dialog: he was at the movies during the hours
dialog: the killing took place, couldn't name
dialog: the pictures he saw or the stars who
dialog: appeared in them.
dialog: (he points to the 4th Juror)
dialog: This gentleman has repeated that
dialog: point in here several times.
scene_heading: 4TH. JUROR
dialog: That's correct. It was the only alibi
dialog: the boy offered and he himself
dialog: couldn't back it up with any details
dialog: at all. :
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: Putting yourself in the boy's place,
dialog: if you can, do you think you'd be
dialog: able to remember details after an
dialog: - upsetting experience such as being
dialog: struck in the face by your father?
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: I think so, if there were any special
dialog: details to remember. He couldn't
dialog: remember the movies at the theater he
dialog: named because he wasn't there that
dialog: night.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: According to the police testimony in
dialog: court he was questioned by the police
text: in the kitchen of his apartment while
text: the body of his father was lying on
dialog: the floor in the bedroom. Do you
dialog: think you could remember details
dialog: under such circumstances?
scene_heading: 4TH. JUROR
dialog: I do.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: Under great emotional stress?
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
dialog: 85
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
text: Under gréat emotional stress.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: He remembered the movies in court.
dialog: He named them correctly and he named
dialog: the stars who played in them.
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: Yes, his lawyer took great pains to
dialog: bring that out. He had three months
dialog: from the night of the murder to the
dialog: day of the trial in which to memorize
dialog: them. I'll take the testimony of the
dialog: policeman who interrogated him right
dialog: after the murder, when he couldn't
dialog: remember a thing about the movies,
dialog: great emotional stress or not.
speaker_heading: , 8TH JUROR
dialog: I'd like to ask you a personal
dialog: question.
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: Go ahead.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: Where were you last night?
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: I was home.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: What. about the night before last?
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: Come on, what is this?
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: (to 10th Juror)
dialog: It's perfectly all right.
dialog: (to 8th Juror)
dialog: I went from court to my office and
dialog: stayed there till eight-thirty. Then
dialog: I went straight home to bed.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: And the night before that?
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: That was -- Tuesday. I -- was -- oh,
dialog: yes. That was the night of the
dialog: bridge tournament. I played bridge.
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
dialog: 86
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: And Monday night?
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: When you get him down to New Year's
dialog: Eve, nineteen-fifty, lemme know.
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: (trying to remember)
dialog: Monday.
dialog: (he pauses)
dialog: Monday night.
dialog: (he remembers) .
dialog: Monday night my wife and I went to
dialog: the movies.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: What did you see?
scene_heading: 4TH. JUROR
dialog: The Scarlet Circle: It's a very
dialog: clever who-done-it.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: What was the second feature?
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: (straining)
dialog: The... I'll tell you in a minute.
dialog: The -- Remarkable Mrs. Something.
dialog: Mrs. -- uh -- Mainbridge. No,
dialog: Bainbridge. The Remarkable Mrs.
dialog: Bainbridge.
speaker_heading: 2ND JUROR
dialog: Excuse me. I saw that.. It's called
dialog: The Amazing Mrs. Bainbridge.
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: The -- Amazing Mrs. Bainbridge. Yes.
dialog: I think that's right.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: Who was in The Amazing Mrs.
dialog: Bainbridge?
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: Barbara -- Long, I think. She's a
dialog: dark, very pretty girl. Barbara --
dialog: Lang -- Land -- something like that.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: Who else?
dialog: 
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96 87
text: The 4th Juror takes a handkerchief and mops his suddenly sweating
dialog: forehead.
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: Well, I’d never heard of them before.
dialog: It was a very inexpensive second
dialog: feature, with unknown...
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: And you weren't under an emotional
dialog: strain, were you?
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: No, I wasn’t.
speaker_heading: 9TH JUROR
dialog: I think the point is made.
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: Big point! :
speaker_heading: 9TH JUROR
dialog: I think it is a big point?
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: What? Just.because he can't remember
dialog: the name of some two-bit movie star?
dialog: I suppose that proves the kid was at
dialog: the movies.
speaker_heading: 9TH JUROR
dialog: No. But it indicates that no one can
dialog: prove he wasn’t. He might have been
dialog: at the movies and forgotten what he
dialog: saw. It’s possible. If it‘s
dialog: perfectly normal for this gentleman--
dialog: (he indicates the 4th Juror)
dialog: to forget a few details, then it’s
text: also perfectly normal for the boy.
dialog: Being accused of murder isn’t
dialog: necessarly supposed to give him an
text: infallible memory.
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
dialog: 88
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: (te the 9th Juror)
dialog: You can talk till your tongue is
text: draggin’ on the floor. The boy is
dialog: guilty. -Period. Know what I mean,
dialog: my fiend? Who’s got. those cough
dialog: drops?
speaker_heading: 2ND JUROR
dialog: They’re all gone, my friend.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Y'know, there’s something we're
dialog: forgetting here that I was just
dialog: thinking about. Well, that’s the
dialog: whole business that dragged out
dialog: forever, y'know with the
dialog: psychiatrist, where he got all
dialog: involved...
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: Now don’t start with all that phony
dialog: psycho-what-ever-you-call-it stuff.
dialog: What a racket that is! Filling
dialog: people’s heads with all that junk.
dialog: Listen, I’ve got three psychiatrists
dialog: keeping their cars in one of my
dialog: garages. The whole three of ‘em are
dialog: crazy.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Listen, there’s a point I’m tryin’ to
dialog: make here. Do you mind?
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: I wouldn’t give you a nickel for a
dialog: psychiatrist’s testimony.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: Why don’t you let the man talk? You
dialog: can take five minutes on the
dialog: uselessness of psychiatry when he’s
dialog: finished.
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
dialog: 89
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: What I was gonna say was, the
dialog: psychiatrist definitely stated that
dialog: the boy had strong homicidal
dialog: tendencies. I mean, that he was,
dialog: what d’ya call it -- capable of
dialog: committing murder. He described all
dialog: those tests, inkblots and all that
dialog: stuff, and he said the kid is
dialog: definitely a killer-type. Am I
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: 12TH JUROR
dialog: Check. I think he said something
dialog: about paranoid tendencies if I’m not
dialog: mistaken.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Right. Whatever that is, he said it.
dialog: Let's not forget, we’re talking about
dialog: a. boy who’s always had murder on his
dialog: mind.
speaker_heading: 12TH JUROR
text: His unconscious mind.
speaker_heading: . FOREMAN
dialog: Nobody else's.
speaker_heading: 11TH JUROR
dialog: I beg pardon, in discussing...
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: I beg pardon. What are you so
dialog: goddamn polite about?
speaker_heading: 11TH JUROR
dialog: For the same reason you’re not. It’s
dialog: the way I was brought up.
dialog: (he turns to the others)
dialog: In discussing such a thing as the
dialog: murder potential we should remember
dialog: that many of us are capable of
dialog: committing murder. But few of us do.
dialog: We impose controls upon ourselves to
dialog: prevent it. The most these
dialog: psychiatric tests can accomplish
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
text: He stops. The
dialog: 90
speaker_heading: 11TH JUROR (CONT)
dialog: along these lines is this: They can
dialog: tell us that some day a particular
dialog: person may commit a murder. That’s
dialog: all. They prove nothing.
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: Then how come they're admitted in
dialog: evidence?
speaker_heading: 11TH JUROR
dialog: They have many uses, of course. In
dialog: this case they added to the general
dialog: impression the prosecution was trying
dialog: to create. Perhaps we would find
dialog: that if we twelve men took the same
dialog: tests, one or two of us might be
dialog: discovered to have.unconscious
dialog: desires to kill, and the potentiality
dialog: of carrying them out. Yet none of us
dialog: has. To say that a man is capable of
dialog: murder does not mean that he has
dialog: committed murder.
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: But it can mean it. Listen, if they
dialog: said the kid is capable of killing,
dialog: he could’ve killed, couldn’t he?
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: You're the one who said, and I quote,
dialog: “I wouldn’t give you a nickel for a
dialog: psychiatrist’s testimony.
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: Boy, I’m telling you --
dialog: (he crosses to the 8th juror)
dialog: I'd like to...
text: 8th Juror does not look up at him. The 10th Juror
text: crosses angrily away.
speaker_heading: 6TH JUROR
dialog: What time is it?
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: It's five of six. Man, look at that
dialog: rain.
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96 or
speaker_heading: 12TH JUROR
dialog: There goes your ball game.
speaker_heading: 2ND JUROR
dialog: (to the 8th Juror)
dialog: Say, could I see that knife for a
dialog: second?
text: The 8th Juror slides the knife across the table to.the 2nd Juror
text: who opens and examines it.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Well, we’re still tied up six to six.
dialog: Who’s got a suggestion?
speaker_heading: 12TH JUROR
dialog: I have. Let’s get some dinner.
speaker_heading: 5TH JUROR
dialog: Why don’t we wait till seven? Give
dialog: it another hour.
speaker_heading: 12TH JUROR
dialog: Okay with me.
speaker_heading: 2ND JUROR
dialog: Um -- there’s something I’d like to
dialog: say. I mean, it’s been bothering me
dialog: a little and as long as we're
dialog: stuck Well, there was this whole
dialog: busin about the stab wound and how
dialog: it was made, the downward angle of
dialog: it, you know?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: Don’t tell me we’re gonna start with
dialog: that. They went over it and over it.
speaker_heading: 2ND JUROR
dialog: I know they did, but I don’t go along
text: with it. The boy is five feet, seven
dialog: inches tall. His father was six-two.
dialog: That's a difference of seven inches.
dialog: It’s a very awkward thing to stab
text: down into. the chest of someone who's
text: more than a half a foot taller than
dialog: you are.
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96 92
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: (crossing to 2nd Juror and
dialog: indicating the knife)
dialog: Give me that. °
text: The 2nd Juror hands the knife to the 3rd Juror.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR (CONT)
dialog: Look you’re not gonna be satisfied
dialog: till you see it again. I’m gonna give
dialog: you a:demonstration. Somebody get
dialog: up.
text: There is a pause. No one moves for a moment, and then the 8th
text: Juror rises and crosses to the 3rd Juror. They stand looking at
dialog: each other. .
speaker_heading: 3RD. JUROR (CONT)
dialog: Okay.
dialog: (to the 2nd Juror)
dialog: Now, watch this. I don’t want to
dialog: ‘have to do it. again.
text: (he turns to the 8th Juror,
text: looks squarely at him, and
dialog: squats to make himself shorter)
dialog: I'm six or seven inches shorter than
dialog: you. Right?
speaker_heading: 2ND JUROR
dialog: That’s right. Maybe a little more.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: Okay. Let it be more.
text: He flicks open the knife, changes its position in his hand and
text: holds it aloft, ready to stab downwards.
text: The 8th Juror and the 3rd Juror look steadily at each other, then
text: the 3rd Juror suddenly stabs downward, hard.
speaker_heading: 2ND JUROR
dialog: Look out!
text: The blade stops about an inch from the 8th Juror’s chest. The 8th
text: Juror does not move. The 3rd Juror smiles.
speaker_heading: 6TH: JUROR
dialog: That's not funny.
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96 93
speaker_heading: 5TH JUROR
dialog: What’s the matter with you?
scene_heading: 3RD. JUROR
dialog: Now just calm down. Nobody’s hurt.
dialog: Right?
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: No. Nobody’s hurt.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: All right. There's your angle. Take
dialog: a look at it. Down and in. That's
dialog: how I'd stab a taller man in the
dialog: chest and that’s how it was done.
dialog: Now go ahead and tell me I’m wrong.
text: The 3rd Juror hands the knife to the 8th Juror and crosses away.
text: The 12th Juror crosses to the 8th Juror and using his closed hand,
text: simulates stabbing the 8th Juror in the chest.
speaker_heading: 12TH JUROR
dialog: Down and in. I guess there’s no
dialog: argument.
speaker_heading: 5TH JUROR
dialog: (moving to the 8th Juror)
dialog: Wait a minute. Give me that.
text: The 8th Juror hands the knife to the 5th Juror. He closes the
text: knife and holds it gingerly.
speaker_heading: 5TH JUROR (CONT)
dialog: I hate these things. I grew up with
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: Have you seen them used in fights?
speaker_heading: . 5TH JUROR
dialog: Too many of them. On my stoop. In my
text: backyard. In the lot across the
text: street. Switch knives came with the
dialog: neighborhood where I lived. Funny, I
dialog: wasn’t thinking of it. I guess you
dialog: try to forget those things. You
dialog: can’t use this kind of knife that
dialog: way. You have to hold it like this
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96 94
speaker_heading: 5TH JUROR (CONT)
dialog: to release the blade. In order to
dialog: stab downwards, you would have to
dialog: change your grip.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: How do you use it?
speaker_heading: 5TH JUROR
dialog: Underhanded.
text: He flicks the knife open and holding it underhanded, swings round
text: and slashes swiftly forward and upward.
speaker_heading: 5TH JUROR (CONT)
dialog: Like that. Anyone who's ever used a
dialog: switch knife’d never handle it any
dialog: other way.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: Are you sure?
speaker_heading: 5TH JUROR
dialog: I’m sure.
text: (He closes the blade and flicks
dialog: it open again)
dialog: That’s why they’re made like this.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: Everyone agreed that the boy is
dialog: pretty handy with a knife, didn’t
dialog: they?
speaker_heading: 5TH JUROR
dialog: That’s right.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: (to the 5th Juror)
dialog: Do you think he would have made the
dialog: kind of wound that killed his father?
speaker_heading: 5TH JUROR
dialog: Not with the experience he’d had with
dialog: these things. No, I don’t think he
dialog: would. He’d go for him
dialog: underhanded...
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96 95
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: How do you know? What -- were you in
dialog: the room when the father was killed?
speaker_heading: 5TH JUROR
dialog: No, and neither was anyone else.
text: He sticks the knife in the table and crosses away.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: - (to the 8th Juror)
dialog: You're giving us a lot of mumbo-jumbo
dialog: here. I don’t believe it.
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: I don’t think you can determine what
dialog: type of wound this boy might or might
dialog: not have made simply because he knows
dialog: how to handle a knife.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: That‘s right. That’s absolutely
dialog: right.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: (looking at the 12th juror)
dialog: What do you think?
text: The 12th Juror hesitates for a moment. He is confused, but trying
dialog: to be honest.
speaker_heading: 12TH JUROR
dialog: Well -- I don’t know...
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: What d’ya mean -- you don’t know?
speaker_heading: 12TH JUROR
dialog: I don’t know.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: (to the 7th Juror)
dialog: What about you?
text: The 7th Juror looks around the table momentarily.
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: Just a minute. According to the
text: woman across the street...
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
dialog: 96
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: Listen, I/1l1 tell you something. I’m
dialog: a little sick of this whole thing
dialog: already. All this yakkin’s gettin’
dialog: us nowhere so I'm going to break it
dialog: up here. I’m changing my vote to not
dialog: guilty.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: You’re what?
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: You heard me. I’ve had enough.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: What d’you mean -- you’ve had enough?
dialog: That’s no answer.
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: Hey, listen, you! Just worry about
dialog: yourself!
speaker_heading: 11TH JUROR
dialog: (crossing to the 7th Juror)
dialog: He’s right. That is not an answer.
dialog: What kind of a man are you? You have
dialog: sat here and voted guilty with
dialog: everyone else because there are some
text: baseball tickets burning a hole in
dialog: your pocket. Now you have changed
dialog: your vote because you say you're sick
dialog: of all the talking here.
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: Listen, buddy...
speaker_heading: 11TH JUROR
dialog: You have no right to play like this
dialog: with a man’s life. This is a
dialog: terrible and ugly thing to do. Don’t
dialog: you care...?
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: Now wait a minute. You can’t talk
dialog: like that to me!
dialog: -we
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT ~ 2/14/96 97
speaker_heading: 11TH JUROR
dialog: I can talk like that to you. If you
dialog: want to vote not guilty, then do it
dialog: because you’re convinced the man is
dialog: not guilty -- not because you’ve had
dialog: enough. And if you think he’s guilty
dialog: then vote that way. Or don’t you
dialog: have the guts to do what you think is
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: Now, listen...
speaker_heading: " 11TH JUROR
dialog: Guilty or not guilty?
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: I told you -- not guilty.
speaker_heading: 11TH JUROR
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: God damn you. I don’t have to...
speaker_heading: 11TH JUROR
dialog: You do have to. Say it. Why?
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: (in a low voice)
dialog: I -- don’t think he’s guilty.
text: The 11th Juror looks disgustedly at the 7th Juror then moves to his
text: chair. The 7th Juror stands defeated.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: Mr. Foreman, I want another vote.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Okay, there’s another vote called
dialog: for.
text: (the Jurors cross to their chairs
dialog: and sit)
dialog: I guess the quickest way is a show of
dialog: - : hands. Anybody object?
dialog: (there is no answer)
dialog: All those voting not guilty raise
dialog: your hands.
dialog: 
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96 98
text: The 2nd, 5th, 6th, 7th, Sth 9th and Lith Jurors raise their hands
dialog: immediately.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN (CONT)
dialog: One. Two. Three. Four. Five.
dialog: Six. Seven.
text: The 12th Juror’s face is a mask of indecision, then he suddenly
text: raises his hand.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN (CONT)
dialog: eight.
text: He stops counting and.looks around the table. Slowly, almost
text: embarrassed he raises his own hand
speaker_heading: FOREMAN (CONT)
dialog: Nine.
dialog: (he lowers his hand)
dialog: All those voting guilty.
text: The 3rd, 4th, and 10th Jurors raise their hands.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN (CONT)
dialog: Nine to three in favor of not guilty.
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: I don’t understand you people. I
dialog: mean, all these picky little points
dialog: you keep bringing up. They don’t
dialog: mean nothing. How can you believe
dialog: his story?
dialog: (to the 11th Juror)
dialog: You’re an intelligent man. Well,
dialog: you’re not gonna tell me you’re not.
dialog: - You know the facts of life. Well,
dialog: for chrissakes look at what we’re
dialog: dealing with here. You know him! I
dialog: mean, that guy --
dialog: (he points to the 8th Juror)
dialog: over there, well, I don’t know what
dialog: the hell is going on with him. All
dialog: that talk about psychiatrists. Maybe
dialog: he ought to go to one. Look, let’s
dialog: talk facts. These people are born to
dialog: lie. Now it’s the way they are and
dialog: no intelligent man is gonna tell me
dialog: otherwise. They don’t know what the
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
dialog: The 5th Juror
dialog: The 5th Juror
dialog: 99
speaker_heading: | +) 10TH JUROR (CONT)
dialog: truth is. Well, take a look at them.
dialog: They are different. They think
dialog: different. They act different.
dialog: Well, for instance, they don’t need
dialog: any big excuse to kill someone.
text: crosses to the washroom door.
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR (CONT)
dialog: Well, that’s true. Everybody knows
dialog: it. They get drunk on wine or |
dialog: something cheap like that. Oh,
dialog: they’re very big drinkers.
text: goes into the washroom, slams the door behind him.
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR. (CONT)
dialog: Smart guy! Look at him for
dialog: chrissakes! What does that mean,
text: slamming the door? And then they're
text: drunk, and all of a sudden -- bang --
text: somebody's lying dead in the gutter.
dialog: Okay, nobody’s blaming them for it.
dialog: That’s how they are, by nature,
dialog: y'know what I mean? Violent! Human
dialog: life don’t mean as much to them as it
dialog: does to us.
text: The 11th Juror rises and crosses to the washroom door. He follows
dialog: the 11th Juror. .
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR (CONT)
dialog: Where are you going.
text: The 11th juror does not reply and goes into the washroom.
dialog: The 4th Juror
speaker_heading: : 10TH JUROR (CONT)
dialog: While you’re in there, clean out your
dialog: ears, maybe you'll hear something.
text: rises and moves to the window.
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/16/96
dialog: 100
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR (CONT)
dialog: Look, you,listen to me now. These
text: people are boozing it up, and
dialog: fighting all the time, and if
dialog: somebody gets killed, so somebody
text: gets killed. They don’t care.
dialog: Family don’t mean anything to them.
dialog: They breed like animals. Fathers,
dialog: mothers, that don’t mean anything.
dialog: Oh, sure, there are some good things
dialog: about’em. Look, I’m the first one to
dialog: say that. I’ve known some who were
dialog: okay, but that’s the exception.
speaker_heading: 9TH JUROR
dialog: Do you know that you’re a sick man?
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: Sick?
speaker_heading: 9TH JUROR
dialog: Why don’t you sit down?
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: You old son of a bitch! Who the hell
dialog: are you?
text: He moves towards the 9th Juror. The 12th Juror steps between the
dialog: 9th and the 10th Jurors.
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR (CONT)
dialog: (to the 12th juror)
dialog: No. Who the hell is he to tell me
dialog: that? Sick. Look at him - he can
dialog: hardly stand up. Listen, I’m
dialog: speaking my piece here and you’re
dialog: gonna listen.
text: The 9th Juror moves to the window.
speaker_heading: 12TH JUROR
dialog: Maybe if you just quieted down.
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
dialog: 101
scene_heading: 10TH JUROR .
dialog: I will like hell quite down. There is
dialog: not one of them, not one who’s any
dialog: good. Now d’you hear that? Not one.
dialog: Now let me lay this out for you --
dialog: ignorant -- bastards.
dialog: (to the 9th Juror)
dialog: You at the window, you're so god-
dialog: damned smart. We're facing a danger
dialog: here. Don’t you know it?. These
text: people are multiplying. That kid on
text: trial, his type, they’re multiplying
dialog: five times as fast as we are. That’s
dialog: the statistic. Five times. And they
dialog: are -- wild animals. They're against
dialog: us, they hate us, they want to
dialog: destroy us. That's right.
dialog: (to 6th Juror)
dialog: Don't look at me like that! There’s
dialog: a danger. For God’s sake we’re
dialog: living in a dangerous time, and if we
dialog: don’t watch it, if we don’t smack
dialog: them down whenever we can, then they
dialog: are gonna own us. They’re gonna
dialog: breed us out of existence.
speaker_heading: 6TH JUROR
dialog: Ah, shut up!
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: Now you god-damned geniuses had
dialog: better listen to me. They’re
dialog: violent, they’re vicious, they’re
dialog: ignorant, and they will cut us up.
dialog: That’s their intent. To cut us up.
dialog: (to 7th Juror)
dialog: I'm warning you. This boy, this. boy
dialog: on trial here. We've got him.
dialog: That’s one at least. I say get him
dialog: before his kind gets us. I don’t
dialog: give a god-damn about the law. Why
dialog: should I? They don’t. Now I'm
dialog: telling you.
dialog: -~ wr =
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/16/96 102
speaker_heading: 2ND JUROR
dialog: I’ve heard enough. Now you just stop
dialog: all this.
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
text: (looking angrily at the 2nd
dialog: Juror)
dialog: How would you like me to cave your
dialog: head in for you, you smart little
dialog: bastard? Where the hell do you get
dialog: the gall...? .
text: The 4th Juror steps in front of the 10th Juror and stops him
dialog: firmly.
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: We've heard enough. Sit down. And
dialog: don’t open your filthy mouth again.
text: The 4th and 10th Jurors stare at each other. Finally, the 10th
text: Juror turns away, crosses to a chair and sits his back to the
text: others. The other Jurors slowly cross to their seats.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: It’s very hard to keep personal
dialog: prejudice out of a thing like this.
dialog: And no matter where you run into it,
dialog: prejudice obscures the truth. Well,
dialog: I don’t think any real damage has
dialog: been done here. Because I don’t
dialog: really know what the truth is. No one
dialog: ever will, I suppose. Nine of us now
dialog: seem to feel that the defendant is
dialog: innocent, but we're just gambling on
dialog: probabilities. We may be wrong. We
dialog: may be trying to return a guilty man
dialog: to the community. No one can really
dialog: know. But we have a reasonable
dialog: doubt, and this is a safeguard which
dialog: has enormous value in our system. No
dialog: jury can declare a man guilty unless
dialog: it’s sure. We nine can’t understand
dialog: how you three are still so sure.
dialog: Maybe you can tell us.
dialog: - SS SS
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
dialog: 103
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: I’ll try.. You’ve made some excellent
dialog: points. The last one, in which you
dialog: “proved” that the boy couldn’t have
dialog: made the kind of overhand stab would
dialog: that killed his father, was very
dialog: persuasive. But I still believe the
dialog: boy is guilty of murder. I have two
dialog: reasons. One: the evidence given by
text: the woman across the street who
dialog: actually saw the murder committed.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: And how, brother! As far as I’m
dialog: concerned that’s the most important
dialog: testimony .in the whole case.
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: And two: the fact that this woman
dialog: described the stabbing by saying she
text: saw the boy raise his arm over his
text: head and plunge the knife down. into
text: his father’s chest. She saw him do
dialog: it -- the wrong way.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: That’s right! That’s absolutely
dialog: right!
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: Now, let’s talk about this woman for
dialog: a minute. She said that she went to
dialog: bed at about eleven o’clock that
text: night. Her bed was next to the
dialog: window -- and she could look out
text: while lying down and see directly
text: into the boy’s window across the
dialog: street. ‘She tossed and turned for
text: over an hour, unable to fall asleep.
text: Finally, she turned towards the
text: window at about ten minutes after
text: twelve, and, as she looked out, she
text: saw the killing through the windows
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/16/96
dialog: 104
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR (CONT)
text: of the passing el train. She says
dialog: that the lights went out immediately
dialog: after the killing but that she got a
text: good look at the boy in the act of
dialog: stabbing his father. As far as I can
dialog: see, this is unshakable testimony.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: That’s what I mean. That's the whole
dialog: case.
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: (to 8th Juror)
dialog: What do you think?
text: The 8th Juror remains silent. The 4th Juror looks at the 12th
dialog: Juror.
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR (CONT)
dialog: How about you?
speaker_heading: 12 JUROR
dialog: Well -- I don’t know. There’s so
dialog: much evidence to sift. This isa
dialog: pretty complicated business.
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: Frankly I don’t see how we can vote
dialog: for acquittal.
speaker_heading: 12 JUROR
dialog: Well, it’s not easy to arrange the
dialog: evidence in order.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: You can throw out all the other
text: evidence. The woman saw him do it.
dialog: What else. do you want?
speaker_heading: 12TH JUROR
dialog: Well, maybe...
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: Let’s vote on it.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Okay. There’s another vote called
dialog: for. Anybody object?
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
dialog: 105
speaker_heading: 12TH JUROR :
dialog: I’m changing my vote. I think he’s
dialog: “guilty”.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: Anybody else? The vote is eight to
dialog: four.
speaker_heading: 11TH JUROR
dialog: (to the 3rd juror)
dialog: What makes you consider this one vote
dialog: a personal triumph?
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: I’m the competitive type.
dialog: (to the others)
dialog: Okay. Now here’s what I think. I
dialog: think we’re a hung jury. Let’s take
text: it inside to the judge.
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: You didn’t want a hung jury before.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: Well, I want it now.
scene_heading: 4TH JUROR .
dialog: I don’t understand that. You thought
dialog: it was immoral to...
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: I don’t any more. There are people
dialog: in here who are so god-damned
dialog: stubborn that you can’t even... We’11
dialog: never get this thing done. We'll be
dialog: here for a week. Well, I want to hear
dialog: an argument. I say we're a hung
dialog: jury.
dialog: (he turns to the 8th Juror)
dialog: Come on. You're the leader of the
dialog: cause. What about it?
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: Let's go over it again.
dialog: _- =
speaker_heading: worry oS
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/16/96 _ 106
speaker_heading: - 3RD JUROR
dialog: We went over it again.
text: (he waves towards the 12th Juror)
dialog: J. Walter Thompson up there is
text: bouncing backwards and forwards like
dialog: a tennis ball...
speaker_heading: 12TH JUROR
dialog: Wait a second. You have no right
dialog: to...
text: The 4th Juror removes his spectacles and polishes them.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
text: I apologize on my knees.
dialog: (to the 8th Juror)
dialog: Come on. lLet’s get out from under
dialog: this thing.
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: All right. Maybe we can talk about
text: setting some kind of a time limit.
text: Still polishing his spectacles, he turns and peers up at the clock.
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR (CONT)
dialog: The time is...
text: He squints and puts on his spectacles.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: Quarter after six.
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: (looking at clock)
dialog: - Quarter after six.
text: He removes his spectacles and lays themon the table. He looks
text: tired. He closes his eyes and clasps his fingers over the marks
text: left by his spectacles at the sides of his nose. He rubs these
text: areas as he speaks.
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR (CONT)
dialog: Someone before mentioned seven
dialog: o'clock. I think that’s a point at
dialog: which we might begin to discuss the
dialog: question of whether we’re a hung jury
dialog: or not.
dialog: Sa ea ee
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96 107
text: The 9th Juror looks closely at the 4th Juror and obviously has
dialog: thought of something tremendously exciting.
speaker_heading: 9TH JUROR
dialog: (to the 4th juror)
dialog: Don’t you feel well?
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: I feel perfectly well -- thank you.
dialog: (to the others)
dialog: I was saying that seven o’clock would
dialog: be a reasonable time to...
speaker_heading: “9TH JUROR
dialog: The reason I asked about that was
dialog: because you were rubbing your nose
dialog: like... I’m sorry for interrupting.
dialog: But you made a gesture that reminded
dialog: me... :
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: I'm trying to settle something here.
dialog: Do you mind?
speaker_heading: 9TH JUROR
dialog: I think this is important.
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: Very well.
speaker_heading: 9TH JUROR
dialog: Thank you. I’m sure you'll pardon me
dialog: for this, but I was wondering why you
dialog: were rubbing your nose like that?
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: Ah, come on, now, will ya please!
speaker_heading: . 9TH JUROR
dialog: Right now I happen to be talking to
dialog: this gentleman here.
dialog: (to the 4th Juror)
dialog: Now, why were you rubbing your nose?
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: Well, if it's any of your business, I
dialog: was rubbing it because it bothers me
dialog: a little.
speaker_heading: veo oS
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/16/96
dialog: ry
dialog: 108
speaker_heading: 9TH JUROR
dialog: I'm sorry. Is it because of your
dialog: eyeglasses?
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: It is. Now. could we get on to
dialog: something else?
speaker_heading: 9TH JUROR
dialog: Your eyeglasses make those deep
dialog: impressions on the sides of your
dialog: nose. I hadn’t noticed that before.
dialog: They must be annoying.
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: They are very annoying.
scene_heading: 9TH JUROR . .
dialog: I. wouldn’t know about that. I’ve
dialog: never worn eyeglasses.
text: (he points to-his eyes and
dialog: smiles)
dialog: Twenty-twenty.
speaker_heading: 7TH JUROR
dialog: Listen, will you come on already with
text: the optometrist bit.
speaker_heading: 9TH JUROR
dialog: (to the 4th juror)
dialog: The woman who testified that she saw
dialog: the killing had these same deep marks
text: on the sides of her nose.
text: There is a silence in the room and then a babble of ad lib
dialog: conversation.
speaker_heading: 9TH JUROR (CONT)
dialog: Please. Just a minute and then I’11
dialog: be finished. I don’t know if anyone
dialog: else noticed that about her. I
dialog: didn’t think about it then, but I’ve
text: been going over her face in my mind.
dialog: She had those marks. She kept
text: rubbing them in court.
speaker_heading: 5TH JUROR
dialog: He's right. She did do that a lot.
speaker_heading: SE
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
dialog: 109
speaker_heading: 9TH JUROR
dialog: This woman was about forty-five years
dialog: old. SHe was making tremendous
dialog: effort to look thirty-five for her
dialog: first public appearance. Heavy make-
dialog: up. Dyed hair. Brand-new clothes
dialog: that should have been worn by a
dialog: younger woman. No eyeglasses. See
dialog: if you can get a mental picture of
dialog: her.
scene_heading: 3RD JUROR. _
dialog: What d’ya mean, no glasses? You
dialog: don’t know if she wore glasses. Just
dialog: because she was rubbing her nose...
speaker_heading: 5TH JUROR
dialog: She had those marks. I saw ‘em.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: So what? What d’ya think that means?
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Listen, I saw ‘em too. He’s. right.
dialog: I was the closest one to her. She
dialog: had these deep things, what d’ya call
dialog: ‘em, uh -- you know.
text: He messages the spot: on his nose where they should be.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: Well, what point are you making here?
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: She had those marks.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
text: She had dyed hair and marks on her
dialog: nose. I’m asking ya what does that
dialog: mean?
speaker_heading: 9TH JUROR
dialog: Could those marks be made by anything
dialog: other than eyeglasses?
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: No. They couldn’t.
dialog: 110
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: (tq the 4th. Juror)
dialog: Listen, what are you saying here? I
dialog: didn’t see any marks.
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: I did. Strange, but I didn’t think
dialog: about it before.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: Well, what about the lawyer? Why
dialog: didn’t he say anything?
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: There are twelve people in here
dialog: concentrating on this case. Eleven
dialog: of us didn’t think of it either. -
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: Okay, Clarence Darrow. Then what
dialog: about the District Attorney? You
dialog: think he’d try to pull a trick like
dialog: that, have her testify without
dialog: glasses?
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: Did you ever see a woman who had to
dialog: wear glasses and didn’t want to
dialog: because she thinks they spoil her
dialog: looks.
speaker_heading: 6TH JUROR
dialog: My wife. Listen, I’m telling ya, as
text: soon as we walk outta the house...
speaker_heading: . 8TH JUROR
dialog: Maybe the District Attorney didn't
dialog: know, either.
speaker_heading: 6TH JUROR
dialog: Yeah, that’s what I was just gonna
dialog: say.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: Okay. She had marks on her nose. I’m
dialog: givin’ ya this. From glasses.
dialog: Right? She never wore ‘em out of the
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
dialog: le
dialog: Mt
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR (CONT)
dialog: house so people’d think she was
dialog: gorgeous. But when she saw this kid
dialog: kill his father she was in the e
dialog: house. Alone. That’s all.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: (to 4th Juror)
dialog: Do you wear your eyeglasses when you
dialog: go to bed?
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: No, I don’t. No one wears eyeglasses
dialog: to bed.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: It's logical to say that she wasn’t
text: wearing them while she was in bed,
text: tossing and turning, trying to fall
dialog: asleep.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR i
dialog: How do you know?
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: I don’t know. I’m guessing. I’m
dialog: also guessing that she probably
dialog: didn’t put on her glasses when she
text: turned and looked casually out of the
dialog: window. And she herself said that
dialog: the murder took place just ass he
text: looked out, and the lights went off a
text: split second later. She couldn’t
dialog: have had time to put glasses on then.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: Wait a second...
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: And here’s another guess. Maybe she
dialog: honestly thought she saw the boy kill
dialog: his father. I say that she saw only
text: a blur.
speaker_heading: EST PF I
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/16/96
dialog: ' M12
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: How do you know what she saw? How
dialog: does he know all these things?
dialog: (to 8th Juror)
dialog: You don’t know what kind of glasses
text: she wore. Maybe she was farsighted.
dialog: Maybe they were sunglasses. What do
dialog: you know about it?
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: I only know that the woman’s eyesight
dialog: is in question now.
speaker_heading: 11TH JUROR
dialog: She had to identify a person sixty
text: feet away in the dark, without
dialog: glasses.
speaker_heading: 2ND JUROR
dialog: You cant send someone off to die on
dialog: evidence like that.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: Don’t give me that!
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: Don’t you think that the woman might
dialog: have made a mistake?
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: It’s not possible?
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: No! It’s not possible.
speaker_heading: . 8TH JUROR
dialog: (to the 12th Juror)
dialog: Is it possible?
speaker_heading: 12TH JUROR
dialog: Yes. I say not guilty.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: (to the 10th Juror)
dialog: Do you think he’s guilty?
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96
dialog: 113
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: Yes, I think he’s guilty. But I
dialog: couldn’t care less. You smart
dialog: bastards do whatever you want to do.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: How do you vote?
speaker_heading: 10TH JUROR
dialog: Not guilty. Do whatever you want.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: You’re the worst son a... I think
text: he’s guilty.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: Does anyone else think he’s guilty?
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: No, I’m convinced.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: What’s the matter with you?
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: I now have a reasonable doubt.
speaker_heading: 9TH JUROR
dialog: It’s eleven to one.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: Well, what about all the other
dialog: evidence? What about all that stuff
dialog: -- the knife -- the whole business?
speaker_heading: 2ND JUROR
dialog: You said we could throw out all the
dialog: other evidence.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: (to the 3rd Juror)
dialog: You're alone.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: I don’t care whether I’m alone or
dialog: not. It’s my right.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: It’s your right.
dialog: 
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/16/96
dialog: 114
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: Well, what d’ya want? I say he’s
dialog: guilty.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: We want your arguments.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: I gave you my arguments.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: We're not convinced. We want to hear
dialog: them again. We have as much time as
dialog: it takes.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: Everything -- every single thing that
dialog: came out in that courtroom, but I
dialog: mean everything, says he’s guilty.
dialog: Do you think I’m an idiot or
dialog: something? You lousy bunch of
dialog: bleeding hearts. You're not goin’ to
dialog: intimidate me. I’m entitled to my
dialog: opinion. I can sit in this goddamn
dialog: room for a year. Somebody say
dialog: something.
dialog: (the others watch silently)
dialog: Why doncha take that stuff about the
dialog: old man -- the old man who lived
dialog: there -- and heard everything. Or
dialog: take the knife, what -- just because
dialog: he -- found one like it? The old man
text: saw him. Right there on the stairs.
dialog: What's the difference how many
dialog: seconds it took? What's the
dialog: difference? Every single thing. The
text: knife falling through a hold in his
dialog: pocket -- you can’t prove that he
dialog: didn’t get to the door. Sure you can
dialog: hobble around the room all. you want,
dialog: but you can’t prove. it. I’m telling
dialog: you every single thing that went on
dialog: has been twisted and turned in here.
dialog: That business with the glasses, how
dialog: do you know she didn’t have them on?
dialog: 
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/14/96 115
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR (CONT)
dialog: The woman testified in court. Well,
dialog: what d’/ya want? That's it.
dialog: (the others are silent)
dialog: That’s the whole case.
dialog: (the others are silent)
dialog: That whole thing about hearing the
dialog: boy yell? The Phrase was “I’m gonna
dialog: kill you.” That’s what he said. To
dialog: his own father. I don’t care what
dialog: kind of a man that was. It was his
dialog: father. That goddamn rotten kid. I
dialog: know him. What they’re like. What
dialog: they do to you. How they kill you
dialog: every day. My God, don’t you see?
dialog: How come I’m the only one who sees?
dialog: Jeez, I can feel that knife goin’ in.
speaker_heading: 8TH JUROR
dialog: It’s not your boy. He’s somebody
dialog: else.
speaker_heading: 4TH JUROR
dialog: let him live.
text: There’s a long pause.
speaker_heading: 3RD JUROR
dialog: All right. “Not guilty.”
text: The. foreman moves to the door and knocks on it. The guard enters.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: We're ready.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: All right, gentlemen. Bring your
dialog: coats and come along.
text: The Guard exits.. The foreman and the other Jurors collect their
text: jackets etc., and follow him off. The 3rd Juror remains seated.
text: Finally only he and the 8th. Juror remain in the room. The 8th
text: Juror puts on his own jacket and brings the 3rd Juror’s jacket to
text: him. 3rd Juror rises. 8th Juror helps him on with his jacket. 3rd
text: Juror exits. 8th Juror follows, but pauses at the door and looks
text: back at the empty Jury room. The knife still sticks into the
text: table. The 8th Juror exits. The rain has stopped.
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT - 2/16/96 116
scene_heading: EXT. COURTHOUSE - DAY
text: The door to the courthouse building, shooting from outside. Rain
text: beats against it. It begins to turn now, and the jurors start to
text: emerge. One by one they walk into the rain, each reacting with his
text: own maneuvers. One turns up his collar. One pulls down his hat.
text: One holds a newspaper over his head. They begin to move down the
text: steps in groups and singly now. #8 is alone. He walks into close-
text: up, rain beading his face. He raises his collar, looks around and
text: then walks off. The others begin to spread out now. Some turning
text: left, some right, some going straight ahead. Camera moves back and
text: up, ending with a long shot, through the pelting rain, of the steps
text: and the jurors spreading out silently in all directions, never to
text: see each other again. And finally they are gone, and the rain
text: beats down on the empty steps.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
dialog: The End
dialog: 
